1. Never tell everything at once.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
A bone to the dog is not charity. Charity is the bone shared with the dog, when you are just as hungry as the dog.
A book burrows into your life in a very profound way because the experience of reading is not passive.
A book is a version of the world. If you do not like it, ignore it; or offer your own version in return.
A bore is a man who deprives you of solitude without providing you with company.
Abortion is advocated only by persons who have themselves been born.
About the only thing that comes to us without effort is old age.
About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
Above all things, never be afraid. The enemy who forces you to retreat is himself afraid of you at that very moment.
Absolute faith corrupts as absolutely as absolute power.
Absurdity, n.: A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion.
A bully is not reasonable - he is persuaded only by threats.
Abundance is, in large part, an attitude.
Acceptance is not submission; it is acknowledgment of the facts of a situation. Then deciding what you're going to do about it.
Accept what people offer. Drink their milkshakes. Take their love.
Accident, n.: A condition in which presence of mind is good, but absence of body is better.
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties.
A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
A censor is a man who knows more than he thinks you ought to.
A certain amount of opposition is a great help to a man; it is what he wants and must have to be good for anything. Hardship and opposition are the native soil of manhood and self-reliance.
A child becomes an adult when he realizes that he has a right not only to be right but also to be wrong.
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but won't cross the street to vote in a national election.
A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody wants to read.
A committee is a cul-de-sac down which ideas are lured and then quietly strangled.
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that works.
A compromise is the art of dividing a cake in such a way that everyone believes he has the biggest piece.
A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing, but together can decide that nothing can be done.
A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who, however, has never learned to walk forward.
A coupla months in the laboratory can save a coupla hours in the library.
Acquaintance, n.: A person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to.
Acquire inner peace and a multitude will find their salvation near you.
Act as if it were impossible to fail.
Acting is merely the art of keeping a large group of people from coughing.
Acting is not being emotional, but being able to express emotion.
Action is at bottom a swinging and flailing of the arms to regain one's balance and keep afloat.
Acts of sacrifice and decency without regard to what's in it for you create ripple effects. Ones that lift up families and communities, that spread opportunity and boost our economy.
A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin.
Adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature's inexorable imperative.
A day's work is a day's work, neither more nor less, and the man who does it needs a day's sustenance, a night's repose and due leisure, whether he be painter or ploughman.
[Addiction's] not about placating the bad dog - it's about feeding the good dog. You still have to feed the bad dog, but only enough so that the ASPCA doesn't bring you up on charges.
Addresses are given to us to conceal our whereabouts.
A diplomat... is a person who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip.
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.
A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
A duty dodged is like a debt unpaid; it is only deferred, and we must come back and settle the account at last.
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
Adversity does teach who your real friends are.
Advertisements... contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
Advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest way of selling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless.
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
Advice to writers: Sometimes you just have to stop writing. Even before you begin.
A facility for quotation covers the absence of original thought.
A fact is a simple statement that everyone believes. It is innocent, unless found guilty. A hypothesis is a novel suggestion that no one wants to believe. It is guilty, until found effective.
A fashion is nothing but an induced epidemic.
A finished person is a boring person.
A fishing rod is a stick with a hook at one end and a fool at the other.
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education.
A friend is a second self.
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations.
After all is said and done, a lot more will be said than done.
After all it is those who have a deep and real inner life who are best able to deal with the irritating details of outer life.
After I'm dead I'd rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one.
After one look at this planet any visitor from outer space would say "I want to see the manager."
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.
After you've been in a place for a while, everything starts to look... I won't say better, there's no need to go to extremes...but your everyday life does start to become...familiar.
Against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Age is foolish and forgetful when it underestimates youth.
Age is opportunity no less Than youth itself, though in another dress, And as the evening twilight fades away The sky is filled with stars, invisible by day.
A gentleman is a man who can play the accordion but doesn't.
Age to me means nothing. I can't get old; I'm working. I was old when I was twenty-one and out of work. As long as you're working, you stay young. When I'm in front of an audience, all that love and vitality sweeps over me and I forget my age.
A gift - be it a present, a kind word or a job done with care and love - explains itself!... and if receivin' it embarrasses you, it's because your 'thanks box' is warped.
A gift in season is a double favor to the needy.
Aging is not 'lost youth' but a new stage of opportunity and strength.
A girl phoned me the other day and said "Come on over, there's nobody home." I went over. Nobody was home.
A God that can be understood is no God. Who can explain the Infinite in words?
A good End cannot sanctifie evil Means; nor must we ever do Evil, that Good may come of it.
A good friend can tell you what is the matter with you in a minute. He may not seem such a good friend after telling.
A good friend of my son's is a son to me.
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.
A good home must be made, not bought.
A good listener is a good talker with a sore throat.
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he gets to know something.
A good man would prefer to be defeated than to defeat injustice by evil means.
A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author.
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.
A great city is that which has the greatest men and women.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are really rearranging their prejudices.
A great marriage is not when the 'perfect couple' comes together. It is when an imperfect couple learns to enjoy their differences.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
A happy childhood has spoiled many a promising life.
A happy childhood is poor preparation for human contacts.
A hat should be taken off when you greet a lady and left off for the rest of your life. Nothing looks more stupid than a hat.
Ahhh. A man with a sharp wit. Someone ought to take it away from him before he cuts himself.
Ah! Memory impairment: the free prize at the bottom of every vodka bottle!
Ah, music. A magic beyond all we do here!
A hobby a day keeps the doldrums away.
A Hospital is no place to be sick.
A hotel isn't like a home, but it's better than being a house guest.
A house that does not have one worn, comfy chair in it is soulless.
Ah, this is obviously some strange usage of the word 'safe' that I wasn't previously aware of.
A hug is a wonderful thing. It makes you feel wanted, needed, and loved all at the same time.
A human being is only interesting if he's in contact with himself. I learned you have to trust yourself, be what you are, and do what you ought to do the way you should do it. You have got to discover you, what you do, and trust it.
A human being must have occupation if he or she is not to become a nuisance to the world.
A hundred objective measurements didn't sum the worth of a garden; only the delight of its users did that. Only the use made it mean something.
A husband is like a fire, he goes out when unattended.
A hypocrite is a person who--but who isn't?
A judge is a law student who marks his own examination papers.
A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
A kiss is a lovely trick, designed by nature, to stop words when speech becomes unnecessary.
A kleptomaniac is a person who helps himself because he can't help himself.
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.
A leader takes people where they want to go. A great leader takes people where they don't necessarily want to go but where they ought to be.
A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own side in a quarrel.
A lie told often enough becomes the truth.
A life lived in chaos is an impossibility...
A lifetime is more than sufficiently long for people to get what there is of it wrong.
A lifetime of happiness! No man alive could bear it: it would be hell on earth.
A little drama wins more friends than boring.
A little government and a little luck are necessary in life, but only a fool trusts either of them.
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
A little learning is a dangerous thing but a lot of ignorance is just as bad.
A little nonsense now and then, is relished by the wisest men.
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others.
All appears to change when we change.
All charming people have something to conceal, usually their total dependence on the appreciation of others.
All existing business models are wrong. Find a new one.
All general statements are false.
All God's children are not beautiful. Most of God's children are, in fact, barely presentable.
All great truths begin as blasphemies.
All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
All important persons have about them someone in a subordinate position who has their ear. These dependents are very susceptible to slights, and, when they are not treated as they think they should be, will by well-directed shafts, constantly repeated, poison the minds of their patrons against those who have provoked their animosity. It is well to keep in with them.
All is in the hands of man. Therefore wash them often.
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon sand.
All marriages are mixed marriages.
All married couples should learn the art of battle as they should learn the art of making love. Good battle is objective and honest - never vicious or cruel. Good battle is healthy and constructive, and brings to a marriage the principle of equal partnership.
All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it.
All movements go too far.
All of us failed to match our dreams of perfection. So I rate us on the basis of our splendid failure to do the impossible.
all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon - instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today.
All paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind.
All power corrupts, but we need the electricity.
All progress is based upon a universal innate desire on the part of every organism to live beyond its income.
All sanity depends on this: that it should be a delight to feel heat strike the skin, a delight to stand upright, knowing the bones are moving easily under the flesh.
All successful newspapers are ceaselessly querulous and bellicose. They never defend anyone or anything if they can help it; if the job is forced on them, they tackle it by denouncing someone or something else.
All television is children's television.
All that counts in life is intention.
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.
All that really belongs to us is time; even he who has nothing else has that.
All the world's a cage.
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
ALL things great are wound up with all things little.
All things must change to something new, to something strange.
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.
All we actually have is our body and its muscles that allow us to be under our own power.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy and Jill a rich widow.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure.
A lot of people like snow. I find it to be an unnecessary freezing of water.
A lot of people mistake a short memory for a clear conscience.
A loud voice cannot compete with a clear voice, even if it's a whisper.
A love of tradition has never weakened a nation, indeed it has strengthened nations in their hour of peril; but the new view must come, the world must roll forward.
Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
Although prepared for martyrdom, I preferred that it be postponed.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.
Always acknowledge a fault. This will throw those in authority off their guard and give you an opportunity to commit more.
Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use.
Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home.
Always be ready to speak your mind and a base man will avoid you.
Always be wary of any helpful item that weighs less than its operating manual.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine.
Always read stuff that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.
Always remember others may hate you but those who hate you don't win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Always work hard on something uncomfortably exciting.
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he does not love her.
A man can do all things if he but wills them.
A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone.
A man ought to work. That's what he's here for. That's how he contributes to the welfare of the community.
A man's feet should be planted in his country, but his eyes should survey the world.
A man's respect for law and order exists in precise relationship to the size of his paycheck.
A man's silence is wonderful to listen to.
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.
A man who doesn't trust himself can never truly trust anyone else.
A man without ambition is dead. A man with ambition but no love is dead. A man with ambition and love for his blessings here on earth is ever so alive. Having been alive, it won't be so hard in the end to lie down and rest.
A marriage is always made up of two people who are prepared to swear that only the other one snores.
Ambition often puts men upon doing the meanest offices; so climbing is performed in the same posture with creeping.
America believes in education: the average professor earns more money in a year than a professional athlete earns in a whole week.
America is a mistake, a giant mistake.
America is a vast conspiracy to make you happy.
America is not a mere body of traders; it is a body of free men. Our greatness-built upon freedom-is moral, not material. we have a great ardor for gain; but we have a deep passion for the rights of man.
Americans are overreachers; overreaching is the most admirable of the many American excesses.
Americans detest all lies except lies spoken in public or printed lies.
Americans will put up with anything provided it doesn't block traffic.
America, we are better than these last eight years. We are a better country than this.
A mind, like a home, is furnished by its owner, so if one's life is cold and bare he can blame none but himself.
A mind too active is no mind at all.
A mind troubled by doubt cannot focus on the course to victory.
A minute's success pays the failure of years.
A misery is not to be measured from the nature of the evil, but from the temper of the sufferer.
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a lifetime's experience.
A motion to adjourn is always in order.
A musicologist is a man who can read music but can't hear it.
An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do.
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others.
Anarchy - it's not the law, it's just a good idea.
An ardent supporter of the hometown team should go to a game prepared to take offense, no matter what happens.
An author is a fool who, not content with boring those he lives with, insists on boring future generations.
An author spends months writing a book, and maybe puts his heart's blood into it, and then it lies about unread till the reader has nothing else in the world to do.
Ancient Rome declined because it had a Senate; now what's going to happen to us with both a Senate and a House?
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
And remember, no matter where you go, there you are.
And since, in our passage through this world, painful circumstances occur more frequently than pleasing ones, and since our sense of evil is, I fear, more acute than our sense of good, we become the victims of our feelings, unless we can in some degree command them.
And so faith is closing your eyes and following the breath of your soul down to the bottom of life, where existence and nonexistence have merged into irrelevance. All that matters is the little part you play in the vast drama.
And that's the world in a nutshell, an appropriate receptacle.
And this our life, exempt from public haunt, Finds tongues in trees, books in running brooks, Sermons in stones, and good in everything.
An economist is a man who states the obvious in terms of the incomprehensible.
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.
An economist is a surgeon with an excellent scalpel and a rough-edged lancet, who operates beautifully on the dead and tortures the living.
A newspaper consists of just the same number of words, whether there be any news in it or not.
An executive is a person who always decides; sometimes he decides correctly, but he always decides.
Anger is never without Reason, but seldom with a good One.
Anger is the feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
Anger repressed can poison a relationship as surely as the cruelest words.
An honor is not diminished for being shared.
An idealist believes the short run doesn't count. A cynic believes the long run doesn't matter. A realist believes that what is done or left undone in the short run determines the long run.
An ignorant person is one who doesn't know what you have just found out.
An incompetent attorney can delay a trial for months or years. A competent attorney can delay one even longer.
An intelligence test sometimes shows a man how smart he would have been not to have taken it.
An inventor is simply a fellow who doesn't take his education too seriously.
Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen six, result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pound ought and six, result misery.
An old house with its windows gone always makes me think of something dead with its eyes picked out.
An onion can make people cry, but there has never been a vegetable invented to make them laugh.
Anonymity is the truest expression of altruism.
An opinion should be the result of thought, not a substitute for it.
An optimist stays up to see the New Year in. A pessimist waits to make sure the old one leaves.
An ostentatious man will rather relate a blunder or an absurdity he has committed, than be debarred from talking of his own dear person.
Another belief of mine: that everyone else my age is an adult, whereas I am merely in disguise.
Another flaw in the human character is that everybody wants to build and nobody wants to do maintenance.
Another possible source of guidance for teenagers is television, but television's message has always been that the need for truth, wisdom and world peace pales by comparison with the need for a toothpaste that offers whiter teeth *and* fresher breath.
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
Antonym, n.: The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
An undefined problem has an infinite number of solutions.
An unhurried sense of time is in itself a form of wealth.
Anxiety is love's greatest killer. It makes others feel as you might when a drowning man holds on to you. You want to save him, but you know he will strangle you with his panic.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
Anybody can sympathise with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathise with a friend's success.
Anybody can win unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anybody who has doubts about the ingenuity or the resourcefulness of a plumber never got a bill from one.
Anybody who wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years organizing and campaigning for it is not to be trusted with the office.
Anybody who watches three games of football in a row should be declared brain dead.
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
Any community's arm of force - military, police, security - needs people in it who can do necessary evil, and yet not be made evil by it. To do only the necessary and no more. To constantly question the assumptions, to stop the slide into atrocity.
Any fool can make a rule, and any fool will mind it.
Any government is potentially the worst client in the world you could ever possibly want to have.
Any man who afflicts the human race with ideas must be prepared to see them misunderstood.
Anyone can revolt. It is more difficult silently to obey our own inner promptings, and to spend our lives finding sincere and fitting means of expression for our temperament and our gifts.
Anyone may have diamonds: an heirloom is an ornament of quite a different kind.
Anyone who goes through life trusting people without making sure they are worthy of trust is a fool. Yet there are people who may be trusted, men as well as women. There are are as many difference in their natures as there are flowers in these meadows.
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
Anyone who takes himself too seriously always runs the risk of looking ridiculous; anyone who can consistently laugh at himself does not.
Anyone who uses the phrase 'easy as taking candy from a baby' has never tried taking candy from a baby.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Anything not worth doing is worth not doing well. Think about it.
Anything that has real and lasting value is always a gift from within.
Anything too stupid to be said is sung.
Any war that requires the suspension of reason as a necessity for support is a bad war.
Any woman who thinks the way to a man's heart is through his stomach is aiming about 10 inches too high.
Any word you have to hunt for in a thesaurus is the wrong word. There are no exceptions to this rule.
A paranoid is someone who knows a little of what's going on.
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.
A person has three choices in life. You can swim against the tide and get exhausted, or you can tread water and let the tide sweep you away, or you can swim with the tide, and let it take you where it wants you to go.
A person is always startled when he hears himself seriously called an old man for the first time.
A person is never happy except at the price of some ignorance.
A person's abilities are tested best when defending rather than attacking.
A person who forgoes the use of his symbolic skills is never really free.
A persuadable temper might sometimes be as much in favour of happiness as a very resolute character.
A pessimist sees only the dark side of the clouds, and mopes; a philosopher sees both sides, and shrugs; an optimist doesn't see the clouds at all - he's walking on them.
A poem is no place for an idea.
A poet more than thirty years old is simply an overgrown child.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
A pound of pluck is worth a ton of luck.
Appetite, with an opinion of attaining, is called hope; the same, without such opinion, despair.
A preoccupation with the future not only prevents us from seeing the present as it is but often prompts us to rearrange the past.
A problem is a chance for you to do your best.
Architecture is the art of how to waste space.
Arguments are to be avoided; they are always vulgar and often convincing.
Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men; although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths.
Aristotle was famous for knowing everything. He taught that the brain exists merely to cool the blood and is not involved in the process of thinking. This is true only of certain persons.
Arranging a bowl of flowers in the morning can give a sense of quiet in a crowded day - like writing a poem, or saying a prayer.
Art has never been made while thinking of art.
Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
Art is making something out of nothing and selling it.
Art is merely the refuge which the ingenious have invented, when they were supplied with food and women, to escape the tediousness of life.
Art is science made clear.
Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything.
Art, like morality, consists of drawing the line somewhere.
Art may make a suit of clothes: but nature must produce a man.
A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
A runners creed: I will win; if I cannot win, I shall be second; if I cannot be second, I shall be third; if I cannot place at all, I shall still do my best.
As a rule we disbelieve all the facts and theories for which we have no use.
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.
A schedule defends from chaos and whim.
A self that is only differentiated - not integrated - may attain great individual accomplishments, but risks being mired in self-centered egotism. By the same token, a person who self is based exclusively on integration will be well connected and secure, but lack autonomous individuality. Only when a person invests equal amounts of psychic energy in these two processes and avoids both selfishness and conformity is the self likely to relect complexity.
A sense of humor is part of the art of leadership, of getting along with people, of getting things done.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
As for me, except for an occasional heart attack, I feel as young as I ever did.
A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
A short saying oft contains much wisdom.
As if a woman ever loved a man for his virtue.
As I get older, I've learned to listen to people rather than accuse them of things.
As I grow older , I regret to say that a detestable habit of thinking seems to be getting a hold of me.
As I know more of mankind I expect less of them, and am ready now to call a man a good man upon easier terms than I was formerly.
A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic.
As I see it, every day you do one of two things: build health or produce disease in yourself.
As I was walking up the stair  I met a man who wasn't there.  He wasn't there again today.  I wish, I wish he'd stay away.
Ask advice only of your equals.
Ask me no reason why I love you; for though Love use Reason for his physician, he admits him not for his counsellor.
Ask not what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive... then go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
As long as people will accept crap, it will be financially profitable to dispense it.
As long as we respond predictably to what feels good and what feels bad, it is easy for others to exploit our preferences for their own ends.
A smile is the shortest distance between two people.
A smiling face is half the meal.
A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11 inch paper cannot be understood.
Aspiring to a small business that does what it does very well is a noble pursuit.
As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand.
Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company.
Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation, for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company.
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
Assuming either the Left Wing or the Right Wing gained control of the country, it would probably fly around in circles.
Assumptions are the termites of relationships.
A stitch in time would have confused Einstein.
A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures.
A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.
A stupid man's report of what a clever man says can never be accurate, because he unconsciously translates what he hears into something he can understand.
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of.
As you journey through life take a minute every now and then to give a thought for the other fellow. He could be plotting something.
At 18 our convictions are hills from which we look; At 45 they are caves in which we hide.
A tactical retreat is not a bad response to a surprise assault, you know. First you survive. Then you choose your own ground. Then you counterattack.
At a dinner party one should eat wisely but not too well, and talk well but not too wisely.
A taste for irony has kept more hearts from breaking than a sense of humor, for it takes irony to appreciate the joke which is on oneself.
A technical objection is the first refuge of a scoundrel.
A thought is often original, though you have uttered it a hundred times.
A timid person is frightened before a danger, a coward during the time, and a courageous person afterward.
At least half the mystery novels published violate the law that the solution, once revealed, must seem to be inevitable.
At least two-thirds of our miseries spring from human stupidity, human malice and those great motivators and justifiers of malice and stupidity: idealism, dogmatism and proselytizing zeal on behalf of religous or political ideas.
At my lemonade stand I used to give the first glass away free and charge five dollars for the second glass. The refill contained the antidote.
A torn jacket is soon mended; but hard words bruise the heart of a child.
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
At the age of eleven or thereabouts women acquire a poise and an ability to handle difficult situations which a man, if he is lucky, manages to achieve somewhere in the later seventies.
At the end of the day, whether or not those people are comfortable with how you're living your life doesn't matter. What matters is whether you're comfortable with it.
At the height of laughter, the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities.
At the worst, a house unkept cannot be so distressing as a life unlived.
Autobiography is an unrivaled vehicle for telling the truth about other people.
Autumn is the bite of the harvest apple.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
A vigorous five-mile walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine and psychology in the world.
Avoidance is a great tool to get away from food in my face all day long.
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top .
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
A witty saying proves nothing.
A woman can forgive a man for the harm he does her...but she can never forgive him for the sacrifices he makes on her account.
Bachelor's degrees make pretty good placemats if you get 'em laminated.
Barometer, n.: An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having.
Barring that natural expression of villainy which we all have, the man looked honest enough.
Baseball is 90% mental, the other half is physical.
Battle not with monsters, lest ye become a monster, and if you gaze into the abyss, the abyss gazes also into you.
Be a craftsman in speech that thou mayest be strong, for the strength of one is the tongue, and speech is mightier than all fighting.
Be a first rate version of yourself, not a second rate version of someone else.
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
Be as careful of the books you read, as of the company you keep; for your habits and character will be as much influenced by the former as by the latter.
Beautiful young people are accidents of nature, but beautiful old people are works of art.
Beauty and seduction is nature's tool for survival, because we will protect what we love.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye.
Beauty often seduces us on the road to truth.
Be bold and mighty powers will come to your aid.
Be brief, for no discourse can please when too long.
Be careful that victories do not carry the seed of future defeats.
Because he has never forgiven himself any fault, he can forgive no one else's.
Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.
Because we don't think about future generations, they will never forget us.
Because you are in control of your life. Don't ever forget that. You are what you are because of the conscious and subconscious choices you have made.
Be civil to all; sociable to many; familiar with few; friend to one; enemy to none.
Be contented when you have got all you want.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few; and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence. True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation.
Be entirely tolerant or not at all; follow the good path or the evil one. To stand at the crossroads requires more strength than you possess.
Before he sets out, the traveler must possess fixed interests and facilities to be served by travel.
Before I got married I had six theories about bringing up children; now I have six children and no theories.
Before I met my husband, I'd never fallen in love, though I'd stepped in it a few times.
Before we get too depressed about the state of our politics, let's remember our history. The great debates of the past, all stirred great passions. They all made somebody angry, and at least once led to a terrible war. What is amazing, is that despite all the conflict, our experiment in democracy has worked better than any form of government on earth.
Before you do anything, think. If you do something to try and impress someone, to be loved, accepted or even to get someone's attention, stop and think. So many people are busy trying to create an image, they die in the process.
Be generous, be delicate, and always pursue the prize.
Be gentle with the young.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster. Your life will never be the same again.
Behind every great fortune there is a crime.
Behind the phony tinsel of Hollywood lies the real tinsel.
Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out.
Being friendless taught me how to be a friend. Funny how that works.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Be kind - Remember every one you meet is fighting a battle - everybody's lonesome.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy
Believe nothing against another but on good authority; and never report what may hurt another, unless it be a greater hurt to some other to conceal it.
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.
Be life long or short, its completeness depends on what it was lived for.
Be master of your petty annoyances and conserve your energies for the big, worthwhile things. It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out - it's the grain of sand in your shoe.
Be more prompt to go to a friend in adversity than in prosperity.
Be more splendid, more extraordinary. Use every moment to fill yourself up.
Be neither too remote nor too familiar.
Be not afraid of greatness: some men are born great, some achieve greatness and some have greatness thrust upon them.
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
Be not slow to visit the sick.
Be not so bigoted to any custom as to worship it at the expense of truth.
Be open to your dreams, people. Embrace that distant shore. Because our mortal journey is over all too soon.
Be rich to yourself and poor to your friends.
Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is a nobler art of leaving things undone. The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of nonessentials.
Be sincere; be brief; be seated.
Be still when you have nothing to say; when genuine passion moves you, say what you've got to say, and say it hot.
Be substantially great in thyself, and more than thou appearest unto others.
Be sure that it is not you that is mortal, but only your body. For that man whom your outward form reveals is not yourself; the spirit is the true self, not that physical figure which and be pointed out by your finger.
Be to her virtues very kind. Be to her faults a little blind.
Better be despised for too anxious apprehensions, than ruined by too confident security.
Better be ill spoken of by one before all than by all before one.
Better by far you should forget and smile than you should remember and be sad.
Better fare hard with good men than feast it with bad.
Better shun the bait, than struggle in the snare.
Better to get up late and be wide awake than to get up early and be asleep all day.
Better to rely on one powerful king than on many little princes.
Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self.
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.
Be very circumspect in the choice of thy company. In the society of thine equals thou shalt enjoy more pleasure; in the society of thy superiors thou shalt find more profit. To be the best in the company is the way to grow worse.
Beware of dissipating your powers; strive constantly to concentrate them. Genius thinks it can do whatever it sees others doing, but is sure to repent of every ill-judged outlay.
Beware of no man more than yourself; we carry our worst enemies within us.
Beware of the young doctor and the old barber.
Beware so long as you live, of judging people by appearances.
Beware the pull on your heartstrings -- it's often the pursestrings that are actually being reached for.
Be wary of the man who urges an action in which he himself incurs no risk.
Be wiser than other people, if you can, but do not tell them so.
Be you in what line of life you may, it will be amongst your misfortunes if you have not time properly to attend to pecuniary [monetary] matters. Want of attention to these matters has impeded the progress of science and of genius itself.
Big, sweeping life changes really boil down to small, everyday decisions.
Biography lends to death a new terror.
Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it. Plan more than you can do, then do it.
Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished.
Blessed are they who heal you of self-despisings. Of all services which can be done to man, I know of none more precious.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering, and take without forgetting.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness.
Books...are like lobster shells, we surround ourselves with 'em, then we grow out of 'em and leave 'em behind, as evidence of our earlier stages of development.
Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counsellors, and the most patient of teachers.
Bore, n.: A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
Both the cockroach and the bird would get along very well without us, although the cockroach would miss us most.
Boyhood, like measles, is one of those complaints which a man should catch young and have done with, for when it comes in middle life it is apt to be serious.
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
Brain: an apparatus with which we think we think.
Bureaucracy defends the status quo long past the time when the quo has lost its status.
But all endings are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time.
But be, as you have been, my happiness...
But in the end one needs more courage to live than to kill himself.
But in this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
But pain... seems to me an insufficient reason not to embrace life. Being dead is quite painless. Pain, like time, is going to come on regardless. Question is, what glorious moments can you win from life in addition to the pain?
But penance need not be paid in suffering...It can be paid in forward motion. Correcting the mistake is a positive move, a nurturing move.
But the life that no longer trust another human being and no longer forms ties to the political community is not a human life any longer.
But then there's a moment like tonight, a profound and transcendent experience, the feeling as if a door has opened, and it's all because of that instrument, that incredible, magical instrument.
But the worst of imagining things is that the time comes when you have to stop and that hurts.
But what is the difference between literature and journalism? ...Journalism is unreadable and literature is not read. That is all.
Buy on the rumor; sell on the news.
Buy the ticket take the Ride
By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece.
By constant self-discipline and self-control you can develop greatness of character.
By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong.
By the time I'd grown up, I naturally supposed that I'd be grown up.
By the work one knows the workmen.
Calamities are of two kinds: misfortunes to ourselves, and good fortune to others.
Call home at least once a week. It's a proven fact that we call home less the older we get. And that's wrong. It should be the other way around. As we get older, our parents get older.
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family. Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.
Can I ever know you Or you know me?
Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you.
Cats regard people as warmblooded furniture.
Cease to ask what the morrow will bring forth. And set down as gain each day that Fortune grants.
Censorship, like charity, should begin at home; but, unlike charity, it should end there.
Certainly, travel is more than the seeing of sights; it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.
Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Don't fight them. Just find a different way to stand.
Change happens by listening and then starting a dialogue with the people who are doing something you don't believe is right.
Change is the constant, the signal for rebirth, the egg of the phoenix.
Change is the process by which the future invades our lives.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Character is the basis of happiness and happiness the sanction of character.
Character is what you have left when you've lost everything you can lose.
Character - the willingness to accept responsibility for one's own life - is the source from which self respect springs.
Charge less, but charge. Otherwise, you will not be taken seriously, and you do your fellow artists no favours if you undercut the market.
Charm is a way of getting the answer yes without asking a clear question.
Chase after truth like hell and you'll free yourself, even though you never touch its coat-tails.
Cheese - milk's leap toward immortality.
Cherish all your happy moments: they make a fine cushion for old age.
Cherish your own emotions and never undervalue them.
Children are all foreigners.
Children will adapt to nearly any rule or routine as long as it is consistently enforced within that particular household.
Choose your pleasures for yourself, and do not let them be imposed upon you.
Choosing to live in narrow spaces leads to form of mental agoraphobia and that brings its own terrors. I think the willfully unimaginative see more monsters, they are often more afraid. What is more, those who choose not to empathize enable real monsters. For without ever committing an act of outright evil ourselves, we collude through our own apathy.
Civilization is the art of living in towns of such size the everyone does not know everyone else.
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
Cleanliness and order are not matters of instinct; they are matters of education, and like most great things, you must cultivate a taste for them.
Climb the mountains and get their good tidings. Nature's peace will flow into you as sunshine flows into trees. The winds will blow their own freshness into you, and the storms their energy, while cares will drop away from you like the leaves of Autumn.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Cocaine is God's way of saying that you're making too much money.
Comedy is nothing more than tragedy deferred.
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.
Coming home from very lonely places, all of us go a little mad: whether from great personal success, or just an all-night drive, we are the sole survivors of a world no one else has ever seen.
[Common sense] is the best sense I know of.
Competition is a painful thing, but it produces great results.
Complaining is good for you as long as you're not complaining to the person you're complaining about.
Complain to one who can help you.
Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in the world that just don't add up.
Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done.
Conceal a flaw, and the world will imagine the worst.
Conceit is God's gift to little men.
Concentration is my motto. First honesty, then industry, then concentration.
Confidence is 10% hard work and 90% delusion.
Confidence is the sexiest thing a woman can have. It's much sexier than any body part.
Confusion is always the most honest response.
Conscience is what makes a boy tell his mother before his sister does.
Content thyself to be obscurely good. When vice prevails, and impious men bear sway, the post of honor is a private station.
Contrary to general belief, I do not believe that friends are necessarily the people you like best, they are merely the people who got there first.
Convinced myself, I seek not to convince.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but hasn't the fine line between sanity and madness gotten finer?
Costly thy habit [dress] as thy purse can buy; But not expressed in fancy - rich, not gaudy. For the apparel oft proclaims the man.
Count Hermann Keyserling once said truly that the greatest American superstition was belief in facts.
Count not him among your friends who will retail your privacies to the world.
Courage is being scared to death - but saddling up anyway.
Courage is saying, "Maybe what I'm doing isn't working; maybe I should try something else."
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
Courage is the price that Life exacts for granting peace.
Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire and begin at once, whether you are ready or not, to put this plan into action.
Creative work is play. It is free speculation using materials of one's chosen form.
Creativity can solve almost any problem. The creative act, the defeat of habit by originality, overcomes everything.
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Creativity is...seeing something that doesn't exist already. You need to find out how you can bring it into being and that way be a playmate with God.
Creativity represents a miraculous coming together of the uninhibited energy of the child with its apparent opposite and enemy, the sense of order imposed on the disciplined adult intelligence.
Crime does not pay ... as well as politics.
Criticism is prejudice made plausible.
Curiosity killed the cat, but for a while I was a suspect.
Cynically speaking, one could say that it is true to life to be cynical about it.
Cynicism is an unpleasant way of saying the truth.
Dance is the hidden language of the soul.
Deal with the consequences of your actions, 'cause life ain't no video game.
Death comes to all But great achievements raise a monument Which shall endure until the sun grows old.
Death is more universal than life; everyone dies but not everyone lives.
Death is only going to happen to you once; I don't want to miss it.
Death likes it when you play hard to get.
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.
Dedicate some of your life to others. Your dedication will not be a sacrifice. It will be an exhilarating experience because it is an intense effort applied toward a meaningful end.
Delusions of grandeur make me feel a lot better about myself.
Democracy consists of choosing your dictators, after they've told you what you think it is you want to hear.
Democracy is a device that ensures we shall be governed no better than we deserve.
Democracy is a process by which the people are free to choose the man who will get the blame.
Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half the time.
Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want and deserve to get it good and hard.
Democracy substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
Depend not on another, but lean instead on thyself...True happiness is born of self-reliance.
Depend not on fortune, but on conduct.
Derive happiness in oneself from a good day's work, from illuminating the fog that surrounds us.
Despise not any man, and do not spurn anything; for there is no man who has not his hour, nor is there anything that has not its place.
Destiny is no matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
[Detractors] are just wrong, and that's okay. They just don't see it yet. That's what I would tell myself to keep those moments of doubt, only moments.
Devotees of grammatical studies have not been distinguished for any very remarkable felicities of expression.
Die? I should say not, dear fellow. No Barrymore would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him.
Different and new is just the same old if you keep doing it over and over.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
Difficulties come when you don't pay attention to life's whisper. Life always whispers to you first, but if you ignore the whisper, sooner or later you'll get a scream.
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
Dignity comes not from control, but from understanding who you are and taking your rightful place in the world.
Diplomacy is the art of knowing what not to say.
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock.
Disappearing can be quite the coping mechanism for those of us who fear abandonment the very most of all. If we disappear, you have to find us. You're the one who worries. We know where we are, but you can't leave me. I'm in charge and doing the leaving. Not the other way around.
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought.
Discretion in speech is more than eloquence.
Dive into the sea of thought, and find there pearls beyond price.
Do give books - religious or otherwise - for Christmas. They're never fattening, seldom sinful, and permanently personal.
Do I contradict myself? Very well then I contradict myself, (I am large, I contain multitudes.)
Doing a thing well is often a waste of time.
Do it now. It is not safe to leave a generous feeling to the cooling influences of the world.
Do not accustom yourself to use big words for little matters.
Do not be afraid of defeat. you are never so near victory as when defeated in a good cause
Do not be awe struck by other people and try to copy them. Nobody can be you as efficiently as you can.
Do not be fooled into believing that because a man is rich he is necessarily smart. There is ample proof to the contrary.
Do not believe that he who seeks to comfort you lives untroubled among the simple and quiet words that sometimes do you good. His life has much difficulty... Were it otherwise he would never have been able to find those words.
Do not bite at the bait of pleasure till you know there is no hook beneath it.
Do not condemn the judgement of another because it differs from your own. You may both be wrong.
Do not consider painful what is good for you.
Do not do unto others as you would that they should do unto you. Their tastes may not be the same.
Do not envy a sinner; you don't know what disaster awaits him.
Do not fall prey to the false belief that mastery and domination are synonymous with manliness.
Do not fear death so much, but rather the inadequate life.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Do not, for one repulse, forego the purpose that you resolved to effect.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it.
Do not judge men by mere appearances; for the light laughter that bubbles on the lip often mantles over the depths of sadness, and the serious look may be the sober veil that covers a divine peace and joy.
Do not remove a fly from your friend's forehead with a hatchet.
Do not run from the truth. There be nought so hard to live with as a lie.
Do not smoke without asking permission or sit so near (as in a train) that the smoke might annoy.
Do not speak of repulsive matters at table.
Do not think of knocking out another person's brains because he differs in opinion from you. It would be as rational to knock yourself on the head because you differ from yourself ten years ago.
Do not throw the arrow which will return against you.
Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth; the former course is silly, the latter a mark of prudence.
Do not wait for extraordinary circumstances to do good; try to use ordinary situations.
Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand.
Don't accept rides from strange men, and remember that all men are strange.
Don't be a fool and die for your country. Let the other sonofabitch die for his.
Don't be afraid to take a big step if one is indicated. You can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.
Don't be discouraged by a failure. It can be a positive experience. Failure is, in a sense, the highway to success, inasmuch as every discovery of what is false leads us to seek earnestly after what is true, and every fresh experience points out some form of error which we shall afterwards carefully avoid.
Don't believe in imagining things different from what they really are. When the Lord puts us in certain circumstances He doesn't mean for us to imagine them away.
Don't be sweet, lest you be eaten up; don't be bitter, lest you be spewed out.
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.
Don't confuse being 'soft' with seeing the other guy's point of view.
Don't discuss yourself, for you are bound to lose; if you belittle yourself, you are believed; if you praise yourself, you are disbelieved.
Don't do what you want. Do what you don't want. Do what you're trained not to want. Do the things that scare you the most.
Don't ever take a fence down until you know the reason it was put up.
Don't gamble; take all your savings and buy some good stock and hold it till it goes up, then sell it. If it don't go up, don't buy it.
Don't get yourself arrested and make your day worse! If you need to vent, just smash something that's already broken! You can't get in trouble for wrecking the unsalvageable!
Don't give advice. It will come back and bite you in the [butt]. Don't take anyone's advice. So, my advice to you is to be true to yourself and everything will be fine.
Don't join the book burners. Don't think you're going to conceal faults by concealing evidence that they ever existed. Don't be afraid to go in your library and read every book...
Don't knock the weather. If it didn't change once in a while, nine out of ten people couldn't start a conversation.
Don't laugh at a youth for his affectations; he is only trying on one face after another to find his own.
Don't let the bastards grind you down.
Don't let us make imaginary evils, when you know we have so many real ones to encounter.
Don't let yourself forget what it's like to be sixteen.
Don't let your sorrow come higher than your knees.
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.
Don't live in a town where there are no doctors.
Don't look for more honor than your learning merits.
Don't make use of another's mouth unless it has been lent to you.
Don't need to say please to no man for a happy tune.
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
Don't reserve your best behavior for special occasions. You can't have two sets of manners, two social codes - one for those you admire and want to impress, another for those whom you consider unimportant. You must be the same to all people.
Don't rule out working with your hands. It does not preclude using your head.
Don't simply retire from something; have something to retire to.
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
Don't think of retiring from the world until the world will be sorry that you retire. I hate a fellow whom pride or cowardice or laziness drives into a corner, and who does nothing when he is there but sit and growl. Let him come out as I do, and bark.
Don't throw away the old bucket until you know whether the new one holds water.
Don't try to solve serious matters in the middle of the night.
Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.
Don't waste too much time trying' to be a better man, ' cause you ain't never gonna be one without a good woman.
Don't worry about people stealing an idea. If it's original, you will have to ram it down their throats.
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac, you can always take something for it.
Don't you wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence? There's one marked 'Brightness,' but it doesn't work.
Do pleasant things yourself, but unpleasant things through others.
Do something every day that you don't want to do; this is the golden rule for acquiring the habit of doing your duty without pain.
Do something. If it doesn't work, do something else. No idea is too crazy.
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
Doubt 'til thou canst doubt no more...doubt is thought and thought is life. Systems which end doubt are devices for drugging thought.
Doubt whom you will, but never yourself.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway. You'll be damned if you do, and damned if you don't.
Do what you love, love what you do, leave the world a better place and don't pick your nose.
Do you realize if it weren't for Edison we'd be watching TV by candlelight?
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing.
Dreaming permits each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night of our lives.
Dressing up is inevitably a substitute for good ideas. It is no coincidence that technically inept business types are known as "suits."
Drink nothing without seeing it; sign nothing without reading it.
Drugs have taught an entire generation of Americans the metric system.
Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together....
Dwelling on the negative simply contributes to its power.
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it.
D'you call life a bad job? Never! We've had our ups and downs, we've had our struggles, we've always been poor, but it's been worth it, ay, worth it a hundred times I say when I look round at my children.
Each failure to sell will increase your chances for success at your next attempt.
Each handicap is like a hurdle in a steeplechase, and when you ride up to it, if you throw your heart over, the horse will go along, too.
Each individual woman's body demands to be accepted on its own terms.
Each problem that I solved became a rule which served afterwards to solve other problems.
Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem.
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
Early morning cheerfulness can be extremely obnoxious.
Early to rise and early to bed makes a male healthy and wealthy and dead.
Eat a live toad the first thing in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
Eat before shopping. If you go to the store hungry, you are likely to make unnecessary purchases.
Eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince, and dinner like a pauper.
Eating is really one of your indoor sports. You play three times a day, and it's well worth while to make the game as pleasant as possible.
Eccentricity is not, as dull people would have us believe, a form of madness. It is often a kind of innocent pride, and the man of genius and the aristocrat are frequently regarded as eccentrics because genius and aristocrat are entirely unafraid of and uninfluenced by the opinions and vagaries of the crowd.
Editor: a person employed by a newspaper, whose business it is to separate the wheat from the chaff, and to see that the chaff is printed.
Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices.
Education is a state-controlled manufactory of echoes.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.
Efficiency is intelligent laziness.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Einstein said God doesn't play dice with the universe, but I don't know--maybe not as a whole, but I think he gets a pretty big kick out of messing in peoples' back yards.
Either I've been missing something or nothing has been going on.
Either this man is dead or my watch has stopped.
Elections are won by men and women chiefly because most people vote against somebody rather than for somebody.
Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles called electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you have been drinking.
Eliminate something superfluous from your life. Break a habit. Do something that makes you feel insecure.
Emergencies have always been necessary to progress. It was darkness which produced the lamp. It was fog that produced the compass. It was hunger that drove us to exploration. And it took a depression to teach us the real value of a job.
Empathy is at the heart of the actor's art.
Employ thy time well, if thou meanest to get leisure.
Endeavor to be always patient of the faults and imperfections of others for thou has many faults and imperfections of thine own that require forbearance. If thou are not able to make thyself that which thou wishest, how canst thou expect to mold another in conformity to thy will?
Energy is the essence of life. Every day you decide how you're going to use it by knowing what you want and what it takes to reach that goal, and by maintaining focus.
Enjoy present pleasures in such a way as not to injure future ones.
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.
Enough organization, enough lists and we think we can control the uncontrollable.
Enthusiasm is the great hill-climber.
Entropy is the normal state of consciousness - a condition that is neither useful nor enjoyable.
Equal opportunity means everyone will have a fair chance at being incompetent.
Equations are the devil's sentences.
Estimated amount of glucose used by an adult human brain each day, expressed in M&Ms: 250
Eternity's a terrible thought. I mean, where's it all going to end?
Ethics are so annoying. I avoid them on principle.
Even God cannot change the past.
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to?
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Even in the darkness, every color can be found. And every day of rain brings water flowing to things growing in the ground.
Even on the highest throne in the world, we are still sitting on our ass.
Even on the most exalted throne in the world we are only sitting on our own bottom.
Even the best of friends need time apart.
Even the great get greater by doing more of it.
Even the most dangerous look less threatening when they are dead.
Even the wisest counsel is useless when it is unheeded.
Events in the past may be roughly divided into those which probably never happened and those which do not matter.
Even with the best of maps and instruments, we can never fully chart our journeys.
Ever tried? Ever failed? No Matter, try again, fail again, Fail better.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
Every artist was first an amateur.
Every big problem was at one time a wee disturbance.
Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.
Everybody has difficult years, but a lot of times the difficult years end up being the greatest years of your whole entire life, if you survive them.
Everybody hates me because I'm so universally liked.
Everybody is too busy with their own lives to give a damn about your book, painting, screenplay etc, especially if you haven't sold it yet. And the ones that aren't, you don't want in your life anyway.
Everybody knows if you are too careful you are so occupied in being careful that you are sure to stumble over something.
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter because nobody listens.
Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
Everybody likes to go their own way--to choose their own time and manner of devotion.
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
Every composer knows the anguish and despair occasioned by forgetting ideas which one had no time to write down.
Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression.
Every day brings a chance for you to draw in a breath, kick off your shoes, and dance.
Every day holds the possibility of a miracle.
Every day, in every way, I am getting better and better.
Every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of other men, living and dead, and that I must exert myself in order to give in the same measure as I have received and am still receiving.
Every day we do things, we are things that have to do with peace. If we are aware of our life..., our way of looking at things, we will know how to make peace right in the moment, we are alive.
Every day you may make progress. Every step may be fruitful. Yet there will stretch out before you an ever-lengthening, ever-ascending, ever-improving path. You know you will never get to the end of the journey. But this, so far from discouraging, only adds to the joy and glory of the climb.
Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under.
Every English poet should master the rules of grammar before he attempts to bend or break them.
Every good product I've ever seen is because a group of people cared deeply about making something wonderful that they and their friends wanted. They wanted to use it themselves.
Every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority.
Every great mistake has a halfway moment, a split second when it can be recalled and perhaps remedied.
Every hero becomes a bore at last.
Every human being on this earth is born with a tragedy, and it isn't original sin. He's born with the tragedy that he has to grow up. That he has to leave the nest, the security, and go out to do battle. He has to lose everything that is lovely and fight for a new loveliness of his own making, and it's a tragedy. A lot of people don't have the courage to do it.
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
Every instance of heartbreak can teach us powerful lessons about creating the kind of love we really want.
Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists of not exceeding the limit.
Every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do.
Every man is the architect of his own fortune.
Every man is the builder of a temple called his body.
Every man is wise when attacked by a mad dog; fewer when pursued by a mad woman; only the wisest survive when attacked by a mad notion.
Every man, wherever he goes, is encompassed by a cloud of comforting convictions, which move with him like flies on a summer day.
Every mile is two in winter.
Every moment is a golden one for him who has the vision to recognize it as such.
Every moment of one's existence one is growing into more or retreating into less.
Everyone has a doctor in him or her; we just have to help it in its work. The natural healing force within each one of us is the greatest force in getting well. Our food should be our medicine. Our medicine should be our food. But to eat when you are sick, is to feed your sickness.
Everyone has a right to a university degree in America, even if it's in Hamburger Technology.
Everyone has his burden; what counts is how you carry it.
Everyone in the world was programmed by the place they were born, hemmed in by their beliefs, but you had to at least try to grow your own brain
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. The real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together.
Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but some abuse the privilege.
Everyone is necessarily the hero of his own life story.
Everyone rises to their level of incompetence.
Everyone's a hero in their own way, in their own not that heroic way.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Every person takes the limits of their own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Everything happens to everybody sooner or later if there is time enough.
Everything has got a moral if you can only find it.
Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn whatever state I am in, therin to be content.
Everything I did in my life that was worthwhile I caught hell for.
Everything in the world may be endured except continued prosperity.
Everything is vague to a degree you do not realize till you have tried to make it precise.
Everything of importance has been said before by somebody who did not discover it.
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not one bit simpler.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Everything that is really great and inspiring is created by the individual who can labor in freedom.
Everything you do in life, every choice you make, has a consequence. When you do things without thinkin', then you ain't makin' the choice. The choice is makin' you.
Every time we say, "Let there be!" in any form, something happens.
Every time you don't follow your inner guidance, you feel a loss of energy, loss of power, a sense of spiritual deadness.
Every time you state what you want or believe, you're the first to hear it. It's a message to both you and others about what you think is possible. Don't put a ceiling on yourself.
Everywhere I go I find a poet has been there before me.
Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them. There's many a best-seller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.
Evil is obvious only in retrospect.
Evil when we are in its power is not felt as evil but as a necessity, or even a duty.
Examine what is said, not him who speaks.
Excess on occasion is exhilarating. It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
Exercise ferments the humors, casts them into their proper channels, throws off redundancies, and helps nature in those secret distributions, without which the body cannot subsist in its vigor, nor the soul act with cheerfulness.
Exile, for no other motive than ease, would be the last defeat, with no seed of future victory in it.
Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life, and when it comes, hold your head high, look it squarely in the eye and say, 'I will be bigger than you. You cannot defeat me.'
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Experience suggests it doesn't matter so much how you got here, as what you do after you arrive.
Experience teaches slowly and at the cost of mistakes.
Eye contact is the best accessory.
Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passion, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.
Facts are stubborn things, but statistics are more pliable.
Facts are the enemy of truth.
Facts or opinions which are to pass through the hands of so many, to be misconceived by folly in one, and ignorance in another, can hardly have much truth left.
Failure meant a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself that I was anything other than I was and began diverting all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me.
Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible.
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable.
Fallacies do not cease to be fallacies because they become fashions.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Family isn't about whose blood you have. It's about who you care about.
Famous I don't know about. It's hard to be famous and alive. I just want to play music every day and hear someone say, 'Thanks, that was great, here's some money, same time tomorrow, okay?'
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Far from idleness being the root of all evil, it is rather the only true good.
Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil, and you're a thousand miles from the corn field.
Fathers send their sons to college either because they went to college or because they didn't.
Fear does not have any special power unless you empower it by submitting to it.
Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
Fear plays an interesting role in our lives. How dare we let it motivate us? How dare we let it into our decision making; into our livelihoods; into our relationships? It's funny isn't it? We take a day a year to dress up, in costume and celebrate fear.
Fear sometimes stops you from doing stupid things. But it can also stop you from doing creative or exciting or experimental things. It can cloud your judgment of others, and lead to all kinds of evil. The control and understanding of our personal fears is one of the most important undertakings in our life.
Feed a fever, starve a cold. Lightly sup with rickets.
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it.
Feelings are like toes! They have to breathe free or they'll stink to high heaven!
Feelings are really your GPS system for life. When your supposed to do something, or not supposed to do something, your emotional guidance system lets you know.
Feel the fear and do it anyway.
Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions.
Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance.
Fidelity to commitment in the face of doubts and fears is a very spiritual thing.
Fig Newton: The force required to accelerate a fig 39.37 inches per sec.
First keep the peace within yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.
First love is a kind of vaccination which saves a man from catching the complaint a second time.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
First there is a time when we believe everything, then for a little while we believe with discrimination, then we believe nothing whatever, and then we believe everything again - and, moreover, give reasons why we believe.
First things first, but not necessarily in that order.
First weigh the considerations, then take the risks.
First you're an unknown, then you write one book and you move up to obscurity.
Fish and visitors smell in three days.
Fish is the only food that is considered spoiled once it smells like what it is.
Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt of, not swallowed.
Flowers never emit so sweet and strong a fragrance as before a storm. When a storm approaches thee, be as fragrant as a sweet-smelling flower.
Flying may not be all plain sailing, but the fun of it is worth the price.
Follow your inclinations with due regard to the policeman round the corner.
Follow your passion. Stay true to yourself. Never follow someone else's path unless you're in the woods and you're lost and you see a path. By all means, you should follow that.
Food is the most primitive form of comfort.
Foolish writers and readers are created for each other.
Fools admire, but men of sense approve.
Football is a mistake. It combines the two worst elements of American life. Violence and committee meetings.
For a list of all the ways technology has failed to improve the quality of life, please press three.
For all that has been, thanks. For all that will be, yes.
For all their strength, men were sometimes like little children.
For every person who wants to teach there are approximately thirty people who don't want to learn--much.
Forget about the fast lane. If you really want to fly, harness your power to your passion. Honor your calling. Everybody has one. Trust your heart, and success will come to you.
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself.
Forgiveness is almost a selfish act because of its immense benefits to the one who forgives.
Forgiveness is the healing of wounds caused by another. You choose to let go of a past wrong and no longer be hurt by it. Forgiveness is a strong move to make, like turning your shoulders sideways to walk quickly on a crowded sidewalk. It's your move.
Formerly, when religion was strong and science weak, men mistook magic for medicine; now, when science is strong and religion weak, men mistake medicine for magic.
For most folks, no news is good news; for the press, good news is not news.
For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to get themselves filed.
Formulate and stamp indelibly on your mind a mental picture of yourself as succeeding. Hold this picture tenaciously. Never permit it to fade. Your mind will seek to develop the picture...Do not build up obstacles in your imagination.
For one human being to love another; that is perhaps the most difficult of all our tasks, the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation.
For one person who dreams of making fifty thousand pounds, a hundred people dream of being left fifty thousand pounds.
Forsake not an old friend; for the new is not comparable to him: a new friend is as new wine; when it is old, thou shalt drink it with pleasure.
For the sense of smell, almost more than any other, has the power to recall memories and it is a pity that you use it so little.
For today and its blessings, I owe the world an attitude of gratitude.
For visions come not to polluted eyes.
For what I have received, may the Lord make me truly thankful. And more truly for what I have not received.
For you to be successful, sacrifices must be made. It's better that they are made by others but failing that, you'll have to make them yourself.
Fostering a spirit of cooperation with your ex means laying down your weapons in the war of divorce in order to protect your children.
Freedom is just Chaos, with better lighting.
Fresh beauty opens one's eyes wherever it is really seen, but the very abundance and completeness of the common beauty that besets our steps prevents its being absorbed and appreciated. It is a good thing, therefore, to make short excursions now and then to the bottom of the sea among dulse and coral, or up among the clouds on mountain-tops, or in balloons, or even to creep like worms into dark holes and caverns underground, not only to learn something of what is going on in those out-of-the-way places, but to see better what the sun sees on our return to common everyday beauty.
Fresh clean sheets are one of life's small joys.
Friendship is being there when someone's feeling low and not being afraid to kick them.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Friends, in my experience, are like ladies' fashions. They come and go with the seasons, and are rarely of such stout stuff as bears repeated wearing.
From now on, ending a sentence with a preposition is something up with which I will not put.
Frugality without creativity is deprivation.
Funny business, a woman's career: the things you drop on the way up the ladder so you can move faster. You forget you'll need them again when you get back to being a woman. It's one career all females have in common, whether we like it or not: being a woman. Sooner or later, we've got to work at it, no matter how many other careers we've had or wanted.
Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
Gardens and flowers have a way of bringing people together, drawing them from their homes.
Generosity with strings is not generosity; It is a deal.
Genius begins great works; labor alone finishes them.
Genius hath electric power which earth can never tame.
Genius is of no country.
Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
Genuine beginnings begin within us, even when they are brought to our attention by external opportunities.
Genuine goodness is threatening to those at the opposite end of the moral spectrum.
George Washington, as a boy, was ignorant of the commonest accomplishments of youth. He could not even lie.
Get all the fools on your side and you can be elected to anything.
Get away from the crowd when you can. Keep yourself to yourself, if only for a few hours daily.
Get the facts, or the facts will get you. And when you get them, get them right, or they will get you wrong.
Getting ahead in a difficult profession requires avid faith in yourself. That is why some people with mediocre talent, but with great inner drive, go much further than people with vastly superior talent.
Getting caught is the mother of invention.
Getting enough sleep can be just as important as working out.
Getting fired is nature's way to telling you that you had the wrong job in the first place.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
Girls are always running through my mind. They don't dare walk.
Give all to love; obey thy heart.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
Give every man thy ear, but few thy voice.
Give me the luxuries of life and I will willingly do without the necessities.
Give to every other human being every right that you claim for yourself.
Giving is a necessity sometimes... more urgent, indeed, than having.
Go, and never darken my towels again.
God creates men, but they choose each other.
God gives every bird its food, but He does not throw it into its nest.
God help those who do not help themselves.
God is not dead but alive and well and working on a much less ambitious project.
God loved the birds and invented trees. Man loved the birds and invented cages.
God must become an activity in our consciousness.
God runs electromagnetics by wave theory on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and the Devil runs them by quantum theory on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
Good breeding consists of concealing how much we think of ourselves and how little we think of the other person.
Good-bye. I am leaving because I am bored.
Good company and good discourse are the very sinews of virtue.
Good food ends with good talk.
Good habits result from resisting temptation.
Good ideas alter the power balance in relationships, that is why good ideas are always initially resisted. Good ideas come with a heavy burden. Which is why so few people have them. So few people can handle it.
Good judgment comes from experience, and often experience comes from bad judgment.
Good manners are just a way of showing other people that we have respect for them.
Good men must be affectionate men.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure.
Good taste is the enemy of comedy.
Good taste is the worst vice ever invented.
Go often to the house of thy friend; for weeds soon choke up the unused path.
Government is too big and too important to be left to the politicians.
Grasp the subject, the words will follow.
Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.
Gratitude is our most direct line to God and the angels. If we take the time, no matter how crazy and troubled we feel, we can find something to be thankful for.
Great ability develops and reveals itself increasingly with every new assignment.
Great men's errors are to be venerated as more fruitful than little men's truths.
Great part of being a grownup, you never have to do anything.
Great people talk about ideas, average people talk about things, and small people talk about wine.
Great services are not canceled by one act or by one single error.
Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
Grief does not change you, it reveals you.
Grief is Newark. It's there. Can't avoid it. The idea is to hold your nose, hope the traffic's not too bad and get on to Manhattan as quickly as possible.
Grown-ups never understand anything for themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them.
Guard well within yourself that treasure, kindness. Know how to give without hesitation, how to lose without regret, how to acquire without meanness.
Guard your honor. Let your reputation fall where it will. And outlive the bastards.
Hail to you gods, on that day of the great reckoning. Behold me, I have come to you, without sin, without guilt, without evil, without a witness against me, without one whom I have wronged. I am one pure of mouth, pure of hands.
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted; the trouble is I don't know which half.
Happiness: a good bank account, a good cook and a good digestion.
Happiness arises in a state of peace, not of tumult.
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance. If the dispositions of the parties are ever so well known to each other or ever so similar beforehand, it does not advance their felicity in the least. They always continue to grow sufficiently unlike afterwards to have their share of vexation; and it is better to know as little as possible of the defects of the person with whom you are to pass your life.
Happiness is always a by-product. It is probably a matter of temperament, and for anything I know it may be glandular. But it is not something that can be demanded from life, and if you are not happy you had better stop worrying about it and see what treasures you can pluck from your own brand of unhappiness.
Happiness is essentially a state of going somewhere, wholeheartedly, one-directionally, without regret or reservation.
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities.
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money. It lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
Happy or unhappy, families are all mysterious.
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all.
Hares can gambol over the body of a dead lion.
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. God is awake.
Have more than thou showest; Speak less than thou knowest.
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.
Have patience with all things, but chiefly have patience with yourself. Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections but instantly set about remedying them - every day begin the task anew.
Have regard for your name, since it will remain for you longer than a great store of gold.
Have the courage to be ignorant of a great number of things, in order to avoid the calamity of being ignorant of everything.
Have you ever observed that we pay much more attention to a wise passage when it is quoted than when we read it in the original author?
Have you learned the lessons only of those who admired you, and were tender with you, and stood aside for you? Have you not learned great lessons from those who braced themselves against you, and disputed passage with you?
Having a baby's sweet face so close to your own, for so long a time as it takes to nurse 'em, is a great tonic for a sad soul.
Having a holiday weekend without a family member felt like putting on a sweater that had an extra arm.
Having been here before and lost, to be here and win, I've got to tell you, winning is really a lot better than losing. Really a lot better.
Having once decided to achieve a certain task, achieve it at all costs of tedium and distaste. The gain in self-confidence of having accomplished a tiresome labor is immense.
Health food makes me sick.
Health is not simply the absence of sickness.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
He can compress the most words into the smallest ideas of any man I ever met.
He can make me love something just by showing me the energy with which he loves it.
He deserves Paradise who makes his companions laugh.
He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it.
Hegel was right when he said that we learn from history that man can never learn anything from history.
He had occasional flashes of silence, that made his conversation perfectly delightful.
He harms himself who does harm to another, and the evil plan is most harmful to the planner.
He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often, and loved much.
He hasn't an enemy in the world - but all his friends hate him.
Heirlooms we don't have in our family. But stories we've got.
He is winding the watch of his wit; by and by it will strike.
He knows all about art, but he doesn't know what he likes.
Hello seeker! Now don't feel alone here in the New Age, because there's a seeker born every minute.
Hell, there are no rules here-- we're trying to accomplish something.
Help others get ahead. You will always stand taller with someone else on your shoulders.
He may be mad, but there's method in his madness. There nearly always is method in madness. It's what drives men mad, being methodical.
Henceforth I ask not good fortune. I myself am good fortune.
He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
Here and there, human nature may be great in times of trial; but generally speaking, it is its weakness and not its strength that appears in a sick chamber: it is selfishness and impatience rather than generosity and fortitude, that one hears of. There is so little real friendship in the world! and unfortunately, there are so many who forget to think seriously till it is almost too late.
Her grandmother, as she gets older, is not fading but rather becoming more concentrated.
Her virtue was that she said what she thought, her vice that what she thought didn't amount to much.
He's the kind of a guy who lights up a room just by flicking a switch.
He talked with more claret than clarity.
He that can't endure the bad, will not live to see the good.
He that climbs the tall tree has won right to the fruit.
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.
He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty, he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself.
He was a genius - that is to say, a man who does superlatively and without obvious effort something that most people cannot do by the uttermost exertion of their abilities.
He was one of those men who think that the world can be saved by writing a pamphlet.
He who boasts of his ancestry is praising the deeds of another.
He who builds a better mousetrap these days runs into material shortages, patent-infringement suits, work stoppages, collusive bidding, discount discrimination--and taxes."
He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches.
He who confers a favor should at once forget it, if he is not to show a sordid ungenerous spirit. To remind a man of a kindness conferred and to talk of it, is little different from reproach.
He who every morning plans the transaction of the day and follows out that plan, carries a thread that will guide him through the maze of the most busy life. But where no plan is laid, where the disposal of time is surrendered merely to the chance of incidence, chaos will soon reign.
He who is not very strong in memory should not meddle with lying.
He who labors diligently need never despair; for all things are accomplished by diligence and labor.
He who postpones the hour of living rightly is like the rustic who waits for the river to run out before he crosses.
He who receives a benefit should never forget it; he who bestow should never remember it.
He who reigns within himself and rules his passions, desires, and fears is more than a king.
He who will not economize will have to agonize.
He who would leap high must take a long run.
He who would travel happily must travel light.
He will always be a slave who does not know how to live upon a little.
He wrapped himself in quotations- as a beggar would enfold himself in the purple of Emperors.
Hindsight is always twenty-twenty.
His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy.
His mother had often said, When you choose an action, you choose the consequences of that action. She had emphasized the corollary of this axiom even more vehemently: when you desired a consequence you had damned well better take the action that would create it.
His priority did not seem to be to teach them what he knew, but rather to impress upon them that nothing, not even... knowledge, was foolproof.
Historically, the claim of consensus has been the first refuge of scoundrels; it is a way to avoid debate by claiming that the matter is already settled.
History is indeed little more than the register of the crimes, follies and misfortunes of mankind.
History is the short trudge from Adam to atom.
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon.
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
Hold a picture of yourself long and steadily enough in your mind's eye, and you will be drawn toward it.
Hollywood is a place where people from Iowa mistake each other for stars.
Hollywood is a place where they'll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss and fifty cents for your soul.
Hollywood is a place where they place you under contract instead of under observation.
Home computers are being called upon to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework formerly eaten by the dog.
Home is where the heart is, so your real home's in your chest.
Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger.
Honesty is the best policy - when there is money in it.
Honesty is the only way with anyone, when you'll be so close as to be living inside each other's skins.
Honesty may be the best policy, but it's important to remember that apparently, by elimination, dishonesty is the second-best policy.
Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people.
Honor does not have to be defended.
Hope is necessary in every condition.
Hope is only the love of life.
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
Household tasks are easier and quicker when they are done by somebody else.
How beautiful maleness is, if it finds its right expression.
How beggarly appear arguments before a defiant deed!
How can you come to know yourself? Never by thinking, always by doing. Try to do your duty, and you'll know right away what you amount to.
How can you govern a country which has 246 varieties of cheese?
How close the sexes sometimes come to one another. It is as much a matter of behaviour and the spere in which they move that separates the masculine part of humanity from the feminine.
How could it be? She watched, observed, reflected, and finally determined that this was not a case of fortitude or of resignation only. A submissive spirit might be patient, a strong understanding would supply resolution, but here was something more; here was that elasticity of mind, that disposition to be comforted, that power of turning readily from evil to good, and of finding employment which carried her out of herself, which was from nature alone. It was the choicest gift of Heaven.
How could you be a Great Man if history brought you no Great Events, or brought you to them at the wrong time, too young, too old?
How do I define success? Let me tell you, money's pretty nice. But having a lot of money does not automatically make you a successful person. What you want is money and meaning. You want your work to be meaningful, because meaning is what brings the real richness to your life.
How do you define God? Like this. A God I could understand, at least potentially, was infinitely more interesting and relevant than one that defied comprehension.
How do you tell a communist? Well, it's someone who reads Marx and Lenin. And how do you tell an anti-Communist? It's someone who understands Marx and Lenin.
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.
How helpless we are, like netted birds, when we are caught by desire!
How little a thing can make us happy when we feel that we have earned it.
How little of permanent happiness could belong to a couple who were only brought together because their passions were stronger than their virtue.
How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book.
How much easier it is to be critical than to be correct.
How my achievements mock me!
How to Raise your I.Q. by Eating Gifted Children
How very odd, to believe God gave you life, and yet not think that life asks more of you than watching TV.
How we treasure (and admire) the people who acknowledge us!
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
How you matter is defined by the things that matter to you. You matter as much as the things that matter to you do.
Human beings are the only creatures that allow their children to come back home.
Human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives.
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.
Humankind cannot stand very much reality.
Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted.
Humans are not proud of their ancestors, and rarely invite them round to dinner.
Humans are the only animals that have children on purpose with the exception of guppies, who like to eat theirs.
Humility is no substitute for a good personality.
Humility is the embarrassment you feel when you tell people how wonderful you are.
Humor is just another defense against the universe.
I agree with everything you say, but I would attack to the death your right to say it.
I already knew to eat clean and listen to my body, to only eat when I was in a calm mental state. Everyone knew. But when you're fat in the head, it's never about knowing the answers. It's about living them.
I always like a good math solution to any love problem.
I always remember an epitaph which is in the cemetery at Tombstone, Arizona. It says: 'Here lies Jack Williams. He done his damnedest.' I think that is the greatest epitaph a man can have - When he gives everything that is in him to do the job he has before him. That is all you can ask of him and that is what I have tried to do.
I always wanted to be somebody. If I made it, it's half because I was game enough to take a lot of punishment along the way and half because there were a lot of people who cared enough to help me.
I am a deeply superficial person.
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
I am among those who think that science has great beauty. A scientist in his laboratory is not only a technician: he is also a child placed before natural phenomena which impress him like a fairy tale.
I am an atheist, myself. A simple faith, but a great comfort to me, in these last days.
I am at two with nature.
I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence, I can reach for; perfection is God's business.
I am convinced that life in a physical body is meant to be an ecstatic experience.
I am determined that my children shall be brought up in their father's religion, if they can find out what it is.
I am here for a purpose and that purpose is to grow into a mountain, not to shrink to a grain of sand. Henceforth will I apply ALL my efforts to become the highest mountain of all and I will strain my potential until it cries for mercy.
I am in earnest; I will not equivocate; I will not excuse; I will not retreat a single inch; and I will be heard.
I am interested in the homeless, but they're a symptom. You're treating a symptom and the disease rages on and consumes the human race. I'm talking about an overhaul of the system: putting power in different hands.
I am just going outside and may be some time.
I am looking for a lot of men who have an infinite capacity to not know what can't be done.
I am more and more convinced that our happiness or unhappiness depends more on the way we meet the events of life than on the nature of those events themselves.
I am no more humble than my talents require.
I am not afraid of the pen, or the scaffold, or the sword. I will tell the truth wherever I please.
I am not an adventurer by choice but by fate.
I am not dying, not anymore than any of us are at any moment. We run, hopefully as fast as we can, and then everyone must stop. We can only choose how we handle the race.
I am not in this world to live up to other people's expectations, nor do I feel that the world must live up to mine.
I am not sincere, even when I say I am not.
I am not young enough to know everything.
I am prepared to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
I am so beautiful, sometimes people weep when they see me. And it has nothing to do with what I look like really, it is just that I gave myself the power to say that I am beautiful, and if I could do that, maybe there is hope for them too. And the great divide between the beautiful and the ugly will cease to be. Because we are all what we choose.
I am where I am because I believe in all possibilities.
I appreciate people who are civil, whether they mean it or not. I think: Be civil. Do not cherish your opinion over my feelings. There's a vanity to candor that isn't really worth it. Be kind.
I became a feminist as an alternative to becoming a masochist.
I begin to think, that a calm is not desirable in any situation in life....Man was made for action and for bustle too, I believe.
I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.
I believe in the forgiveness of sin and the redemption of ignorance.
I believe that a scientist looking at nonscientific problems is just as dumb as the next guy.
I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies.
I believe that every human has a finite number of heart-beats. I don't intend to waste any of mine running around doing exercises.
I believe that [everyone] is the keeper of a dream - and by tuning into one another's secret hopes, we can become better friends, better partners, better parents, and better lovers.
I believe that one of life's greatest risks is never daring to risk.
I believe that people would be alive today if there were a death penalty.
I believe that uncertainty is really my spirit's way of whispering, "I'm in flux. I can't decide for you. Something is off-balance here."
I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change.
I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat.
I bid him look into the lives of men as though into a mirror, and from others to take an example for himself.
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
I came to realize that life lived to help others is the only one that matters and that it is my duty...This is my highest and best use as a human.
I cannot think well of a man who sports with any woman's feelings; and there may often be a great deal more suffered than a stander-by can judge of.
I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it.
I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty.
I can resist anything but temptation.
I can safely say, that the happiest part of my life has been spent on board a ship.
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
I can't criticize what I don't understand. If you want to call this art, you've got the benefit of all my doubts.
I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure.
I can think of nothing more boring for the American people than to have to sit in their living rooms for a whole half hour looking at my face on their television screens.
I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland.
I can't think of any sorrow in the world that a hot bath wouldn't help, just a little bit.
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.
I can win an argument on any topic, against any opponent. People know this, and steer clear of me at parties. Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don't even invite me.
I catnap now and then, but I think while I nap, so it's not a waste of time.
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
I could not conceive that [fans] actually wanted me to sign something. It took a long time for me to figure out (a) just say 'Thank you' and sign the thing, and (b) smile in the picture, because if you try to just half-smile you're going to look constipated.
I could prove God statistically.
I daresay one profits more by the mistakes one makes off one's own bat than by doing the right thing on somebody's else advice.
Idealism is what precedes experience; cynicism is what follows.
I deal with stress in two ways because there are two kinds of stress. There's stress that you can take care of and there's stress that you can't. The first one, I take care of it as fast as possible, because putting it off always makes it worse. Things that I can't fix? I think about the fact that I can't fix them. I think about why I can't fix them and I come to terms with the fact that this is a problem that I'm not going to overcome and that the world is not a wish granting factory.
I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of anything than of a book! When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.
I detest life-insurance agents; they always argue that I shall some day die, which is not so.
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying that I approved of it.
I didn't go to college at all, any college, and I'm not saying you wasted your time or money, but look at me, I'm a huge celebrity.
I didn't really say everything I said.
I didn't see it then, but it turned out that getting fired from Apple was the best thing that could have ever happened to me. The heaviness of being successful was replaced by the lightness of being a beginner again, less sure about everything. It freed me to enter one of the most creative periods of my life.
Idleness is not doing nothing. Idleness is being free to do anything.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
I do not have a psychiatrist and I do not want one, for the simple reason that if he listened to me long enough, he might become disturbed.
I do nothing but go about persuading you all, old and young alike, not to take thought for your persons or your properties, but and chiefly to care about the greatest improvement of the soul. I tell you that virtue is not given by money, but that from virtue comes money and every other good of man, public as well as private. This is my teaching, and if this is the doctrine which corrupts the youth, I am a mischievous person.
I do not want to die... until I have faithfully made the most of my talent and cultivated the seed that was placed in me until the last small twig has grown.
I don't believe in intuition. When you get sudden flashes of perception, it is just the brain working faster than usual. But you've been getting ready to know it for a long time, and when it comes, you feel you've known it always.
I don't care what it is, when it has an LCD screen, it makes it better.
I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't deserve that either.
I don't have a bank account, because I don't know my mother's maiden name.
I don't hire anybody who's not brighter than I am. If they're not brighter than I am, I don't need them.
I don't hire people who have to be told to be nice. I hire nice people.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.
I don't like composers who think. It gets in the way of their plagiarism.
I don't like to commit myself about heaven and hell-you see, I have friends in both places.
I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts.
I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the streets and frighten the horses.
I don't mind what language an opera is sung in so long as it is a language I don't understand.
I don't need a baby growing inside me for nine months. For one thing, there's morning sickness. If I'm going to feel nauseous and achy when I wake up, I want to achieve that state the old fashioned way: getting good and drunk the night before.
I don't own a cell phone or a pager. I just hang around everyone I know, all the time. If someone wants to get a hold of me, they just say 'Mitch,' and I say 'what?' and turn my head slightly.
I don't really trust a sane person.
I don't think about risks much. I just do what I want to do. If you gotta go, you gotta go.
I don't think necessity is the mother of invention - invention, in my opinion, arises directly from idleness, possibly also from laziness. To save oneself trouble.
I don't think of the past. The only thing that matters is the everlasting present.
I don't think there is a proper way to celebrate something which makes you happy.
I don't want any yes-men around me. I want everybody to tell me the truth even if it costs them their jobs.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying.
I don't want to talk as much. It's nicer to think dear, pretty thoughts and keep them in one's heart, like treasures. I don't like to have them laughed at or wondered over.
I don't wear a watch. How do I know my time? I find that someone will always tell me.
I dwell in possibility...
I enjoy being a highly overpaid actor.
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.
If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion.
If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.
If all the rich people in the world divided up their money among themselves there wouldn't be enough to go around.
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself alone. A man should keep his friendships in constant repair.
If a man insisted always on being serious, and never allowed himself a bit of fun and relaxation, he would go mad or become unstable without knowing it.
If a man is offered a fact which goes against his instincts, he will scrutinize it closely, and unless the evidence is overwhelming, he will refuse to believe it. If, on the other hand, he is offered something which affords a reason for acting in accordance to his instincts, he will accept it even on the slightest evidence. The origin of myths is explained in this way.
If an idea's worth having once, it's worth having twice.
If any man wish to write in a clear style, let him be first clear in his thoughts; and if any would write in a noble style, let him first possess a noble soul.
If any one faculty of our nature may be called more wonderful than the rest, I do think it is memory. There seems something more speakingly incomprehensible in the powers, the failures, the inequalities of memory, than in any other of our intelligences. The memory is sometimes so retentive, so serviceable, so obedient; at others, so bewildered and so weak; and at others again, so tyrannic, so beyond control! We are, to be sure, a miracle every way; but our powers of recollecting and of forgetting do seem peculiarly past finding out.
If any thing is sacred the human body is sacred.
If a problem has no solution, it may not be a problem, but a fact - not to be solved, but to be coped with over time.
If at first you don't succeed, failure may be your style.
If at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything.
If at first you don't succeed try, try again. If you fail even after these attempts, perhaps your just stupid.
If a thing isn't worth saying, you sing it.
If Beethoven had been killed in a plane crash at the age of 22, it would have changed the history of music... and of aviation.
I feel about airplanes the way I feel about diets. It seems to me they are wonderful things for other people to go on.
If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.
If grass can grow through cement, love can find you at every time in your life.
If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience.
If hunger makes you irritable, better eat and be pleasant.
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive.
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.
If I have ever made any valuable discoveries, it has been owing more to patient attention, than to any other talent.
If I have lost confidence in myself, I have the universe against me.
If I make a record I love, then somebody will like it. Maybe not everybody, but that won't matter.
I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it.
I find it rather easy to portray a businessman. Being bland, rather cruel and incompetent comes naturally to me.
I find nothing more depressing than optimism.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
If I only had a little humility, I'd be perfect.
If it is once again one against forty-eight, then I am very sorry for the forty-eight.
If it's true that our species is alone in the universe, then I'd have to say that the universe aimed rather low and settled for very little.
If it were done, when 'tis done, then 'twere well it were done quickly.
If it weren't for baseball, many kids wouldn't know what a millionaire looked like.
If it weren't for my lawyer, I'd still be in prison. It went a lot faster with two people digging.
If it weren't for Philo T. Farnsworth, inventor of television, we'd still be eating frozen radio dinners.
If I was more complacent and I let things slide, my life would be easier, but you all wouldn't be as entertained. My misery is your pleasure.
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?
If I wrote what I really think, I would be so sad all the time. We create to fill a gap - not just to avoid the idea of dying, it's to fill some particular gap in ourselves.
If knowledge can create problems, it is not through ignorance that we can solve them.
If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
If man does find the solution for world peace it will be the most revolutionary reversal of his record we have ever known.
If mankind minus one were of one opinion, then mankind is no more justified in silencing the one than the one - if he had the power - would be justified in silencing mankind.
If men were angels, no government would be necessary.
If my hands are fully occupied in holding on to something, I can neither give nor receive.
If nobody spoke unless he had something to say, the human race would very soon lose the use of speech.
If one is to be called a liar, one may as well make an effort to deserve the name.
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name in a Swiss bank.
If only we'd stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time.
If our early lessons of acceptance were as successful as our early lessons of anger, how much happier we would all be.
If people never did silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done.
If power was an illusion, wasn't weakness necessarily one also?
If pregnancy were a book, they would cut the last two chapters.
If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical world. One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by the use of the mathematics of probability.
If someone wants a sheep, then that means that he exists.
If something anticipated arrives too late it finds us numb, wrung out from waiting, and we feel - nothing at all. The best things arrive on time.
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
If the inevitability of human oblivion worries you, I encourage you to ignore it.
If the only prayer you ever say in your whole life is "thank you," that would suffice.
If the Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?
If there is anything the nonconformist hates worse than a conformist, it's another nonconformist who doesn't conform to the prevailing standard of nonconformity.
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
If there is one thing worse than being an ugly duckling in a house of swans, it's having the swans pretend there's no difference.
If there's anything unsettling to the stomach, it's watching actors on television talk about their personal lives.
If there was strife and contention in the home, very little else in life could compensate for it.
If the universe is bigger and stranger than I can imagine, it's best to meet it with an empty bladder.
If the weak hand, that has recorded this tale, has, by its scenes, beguiled the mourner of one hour of sorrow, or, by its moral, taught him to sustain it - the effort, however humble, has not been vain, nor is the writer unrewarded.
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars.
If the world should blow itself up, the last audible voice would be that of an expert saying it can't be done.
If they give you ruled paper, write the other way.
If time flies when you're having fun, it hits the afterburners when you don't think you're having enough.
If two men agree on everything, you may be sure that one of them is doing the thinking.
If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity.
If we discover a desire within us that nothing in this world can satisfy, also we should begin to wonder if perhaps we were created for another world.
If we don't change direction soon, we'll end up where we're going.
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure.
If we fall, we don't need self-recrimination or blame or anger - we need a reawakening of our intention and a willingness to recommit, to be whole-hearted once again.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
If we have learned one thing from the history of invention and discovery, it is that, in the long run - and often in the short one - the most daring prophecies seem laughably conservative.
If we take care of the moments, the years will take care of themselves.
If we value the pursuit of knowledge, we must be free to follow wherever that search may lead us. The free mind is not a barking dog, to be tethered on a ten-foot chain.
If you are a terror to many, then beware of many.
If you are capable people are happy to play with you.
If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment.
If you aren't fired with enthusiasm, you will be fired with enthusiasm.
If you ask what is the single most important key to longevity, I would have to say it is avoiding worry, stress and tension. And if you didn't ask me, I'd still have to say it.
If you aspire to the highest place, it is no disgrace to stop at the second, or even the third, place.
If you believe the doctors, nothing is wholesome; if you believe the theologians, nothing is innocent; if you believe the military, nothing is safe.
If you bow at all, bow low.
If you can attain repose and calm, believe that you have seized happiness.
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
If you can give your son or daughter only one gift, let it be enthusiasm.
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance.
If you cannot lift the load off another's back, do not walk away. Try to lighten it.
If you can react the same way to winning and losing, that is a big accomplishment. That quality is important because it stays with you the rest of your life.
If you can solve your problem, then what is the need of worrying? If you cannot solve it, then what is the use of worrying?
If you can't be funny, be interesting.
If you can't have faith in what is held up to you for faith, you must find things to believe in yourself, for a life without faith in something is too narrow a space to live.
If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
If you develop an ear for sounds that are musical it is like developing an ego. You begin to refuse sounds that are not musical and that way cut yourself off from a good deal of experience.
If you don't accept responsibility for your own actions, then you are forever chained to a position of defense.
If you don't know what to do, call the media and at least give the appearance of doing something.
If you don't know where you are going, any road will take you there.
If you don't learn to laugh at trouble, you won't have anything to laugh at when you're old.
If you don't risk anything you risk even more.
If you don't run your own life, somebody else will.
If you don't think your life is worth more than someone else's, sign your donor card and kill yourself now.
If you ever start to feel too good about yourself, they have this thing called the Internet, and you can find a lot of people there who don't like you.
If you explore beneath shyness or party chit-chat, you can sometimes turn a dull exchange into an intriguing one. I've found this to be particularly true in the case of professors or intellectuals, who are full of fascinating information, but need encouragement before they'll divulge it.
If you find serenity and happiness, some people may be jealous. Be happy anyway.
If you forgo your plan, you also have to forgo fear.
If you greatly desire something, have the guts to stake everything on obtaining it.
If you have any doubts that we live in a society controlled by men, try reading down the index of contributors to a volume of quotations, looking for women's names.
If you have been touched by the success fairy, people think you know why. People think success breeds enlightenment and you are duty-bound to spread around like manure. Fertilize those young minds!
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.
If you have great talents, industry will improve them; if you have but moderate abilities, industry will supply their deficiency.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles at it.
If you haven't found something strange during the day, it hasn't been much of a day.
If you have something to say, then say it. If not, enjoy the silence while it lasts. The noise will return soon enough. In the meantime, you%uFFFDre better off going out into the big, wide world, having some adventures and refilling your well. Trying to create when you don%uFFFDt feel like it is like making conversation for the sake of making conversation.
If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. A lot of people don`t appreciate the moment until it's passed.
If you limit your choices only to what seems possible or reasonable, you disconnect yourself from what you truly want, and all that is left is a compromise.
If you live long enough, the venerability factor creeps in; first, you get accused of things you never did, and later, credited for virtues you never had.
If you look at life one way, there is always cause for alarm.
If you make it plain you like people, it's hard for them to resist liking you back.
If you must love your neighbor as yourself, it is at least as fair to love yourself as your neighbor.
If you observe a really happy man, you will find... that he is happy in the course of living life twenty-four crowded hours each day.
If you put tomfoolery into a computer, nothing comes out of it but tomfoolery. But this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow ennobled and no-one dares criticize it.
If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself, tell yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches.
If you're choking in a restaurant you can just say the magic words, 'Heimlich maneuver,' and all will be well. Trouble is, it's difficult to say 'Heimlich maneuver' when you're choking to death.
If you're creative, if you can think independently, if you can articulate passion, if you can override the fear of being wrong, then your company needs you now more than it ever did. And now your company can no longer afford to pretend that isn't the case.
If you refuse to be made straight when you are green, you will not be made straight when you are dry.
If you're here for four more years or four more weeks, you're here right now. I think when you're somewhere, you ought to be there. It's not about how long you stay in a place, it's about what you do while you're there, and when you go, is that place any better for your having been there?
If you're never scared or embarrassed or hurt, it means you never take any chances.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
If you're not scared or angry at the thought of a human brain being controlled remotely, then it could be this prototype of mine is finally starting to work.
If you're trying to take a roomful of people by surprise, it's a lot easier to hit your targets if you don't yell going through the door.
If you reveal your secrets to the wind you should not blame the wind for revealing them to the trees.
If your morals make you dreary, depend on it , they are wrong.
If your parents never had children, chances are you won't, either.
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it!
If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.
If you stay in Beverly Hills too long you become a Mercedes.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
If you think something is boring, try doing it for two minutes. If you still think it's boring, try it for four. If you still think it's boring, try it for eight, then sixteen, then thirty-two, and so on and so forth. Soon enough you'll find that it's really not boring at all.
If you think taking care of yourself is selfish, change your mind. If you don't, you're simply ducking your responsibilities.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
If you try to make something just to fit your uninformed view of some hypothetical market, you will fail. If you make something special and powerful and honest and true, you will succeed.
If you wait for tomorrow, tomorrow comes. If you don't wait for tomorrow, tomorrow comes.
If you want change, you have to make it. If we want progress we have to drive it.
If you want to be free, there is but one way; it is to guarantee an equally full measure of liberty to all your neighbors. There is no other.
If you want to catch something, running after it isn't always the best way.
If you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe.
If you want to make peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.
If you want to see what children can do, you must stop giving them things.
If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they'll kill you.
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
If you watch a game, it's fun. If you play at it, it's recreation.  If you work at it, it's golf.
If you wish in this world to advance, your merits you're bound to enhance; You must stir it and stump it, and blow your own trumpet, or trust me, you haven't a chance.
If you wish success in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother and hope your guardian genius.
If you wish to know what a man is, place him in authority.
If you wish your merit to be known, acknowledge that of other people.
If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things.
If you would be known, and not know, vegetate in a village; If you would know, and not be known, live in a city.
If you would cure anger, do not feed it. Say to yourself: 'I used to be angry every day; then every other day; now only every third or fourth day.' When you reach thirty days offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to the gods.
If you would marry suitably, marry your equal.
If you would not step into the harlot's house, do not go by the harlot's door.
If you would thoroughly know anything, teach it to others.
I get a lot of cracks about my hair, mostly from men who don't have any.
I get up every morning determined to both change the world and have one hell of a good time. Sometimes this makes planning my day difficult.
Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
I gotta work out. I keep saying it all the time. I keep saying I gotta start working out. It's been about two months since I've worked out. And I just don't have the time. Which uh..is odd. Because I have the time to go out to dinner. And uh..and watch tv. And get a bone density test. And uh.. try to figure out what my phone number spells in words.
I grow more intense as I age.
I guess sometimes you have to lie to find the truth.
I guess that's how death works. It doesn't matter if we're ready or not. It just happens.
I guess we'd be living in a boring, perfect world if everybody wished everybody else well.
I guess what I'm trying to say is, I don't think you can measure life in terms of years. I think longevity doesn't necessarily have anything to do with happiness. I mean happiness comes from facing challenges and going out on a limb and taking risks. If you're not willing to take a risk for something you really care about, you might as well be dead.
I had a monumental idea this morning, but I didn't like it.
I had an epiphany a few years ago where I was out at a celebrity party and it suddenly dawned on me that I had yet to meet a celebrity who is as smart and interesting as any of my friends.
I happen to feel that the degree of a person's intelligence is directly reflected by the number of conflicting attitudes she can bring to bear on the same topic.
I hate life, I hate death and everything in between just doesn't interest me.
I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am.
I hate television. I hate it as much as I hate peanuts. But I can't stop eating peanuts.
I hate the outdoors. To me the outdoors is where the car is.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me.
I hate to hear you talking so like a fine gentleman, and as if women were all fine ladies, instead of rational creatures.
I hate women because they always know where things are.
I have always felt that the moment when first you wake up in the morning is the most wonderful of the twenty-four hours.
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice.
I have always regarded myself as the pillar of my life.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
I have a new philosophy. I'm only going to dread one day at a time.
I have an existential map. It has 'You are here' written all over it.
I have a right to my anger, and I don't want anybody telling me I shouldn't be, that it's not nice to be, and that something's wrong with me because I get angry.
I have a theory that the truth is never told during the nine-to-five hours.
I have been thinking that I would make a proposition to my Republican friends... that if they will stop telling lies about the Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them.
I have come to realize that all my trouble with living has come from fear and smallness within me.
I have enjoyed greatly the second blooming that comes when you finish the life of the emotions and of personal relations; and suddenly find - at the age of fifty, say - that a whole new life has opened before you, filled with things you can think about, study, or read about...It is as if a fresh sap of ideas and thoughts was rising in you.
I have enough money to last me the rest of my life, unless I buy something.
I have failed many times, and that's why I am a success.
I have found power in the mysteries of thought.
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
I have found that it don't really matter if you're brought up fine or rough, but that it helps to have someone to spill your sorrows to.
I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it.
I have given two cousins to war and I stand ready to sacrifice my wife's brother.
I have gotten a lot more attention than...other women that I find incredibly beautiful. And this has happened to me ever since I was a girl, when I was flat, had no teeth, was skinny and small as I could be. I always got more attention than anyone else. If I hadn't, I would have made sure I did.
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
I have left orders to be awakened at any time in case of national emergency, even if I'm in a cabinet meeting.
I have long been of the opinion that if work were such a splendid thing the rich would have kept more of it for themselves.
I have long since come to believe that people never mean half of what they say, and that it is best to disregard their talk and judge only their actions.
I have made my world and it is a much better world than I ever saw outside.
I have never been especially impressed by the heroics of people who are convinced they are about to change the world. I am more awed by those who struggle to make one small difference after another.
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
I have nothing to say, and I am saying it, and that is poetry.
I have noticed that the people who are late are often so much jollier than the people who have to wait for them.
I have not yet met with a sorrow that could not be borne, nor with one who's passing did not leave me stronger.
I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
I haven't the slightest idea how to change people, but I still keep a long list of prospective candidates just in case I should ever figure it out.
I have only one superstition. I touch all the bases when I hit a home run.
I have opinions of my own -- strong opinions -- but I don't always agree with them.
I have read your book and much like it.
I have seen flowers come in stony places And kind things done by men with ugly faces And the gold cup won by the worst horse at the races, So I trust too.
I have such poor vision I can date anybody.
I have suffered a great deal from writers who have quoted this or that sentence of mine either out of its context or in juxtaposition to some incongruous matter which quite distorted my meaning , or destroyed it altogether.
I have the worst memory ever so no matter who comes up to me - they're just, like, 'I can't believe you don't remember me!" I'm like, 'Oh Dad I'm sorry!'
I have too much respect for the idea of God to make it responsible for such an absurd world.
I have very strong feelings about how you lead your life. You always look ahead, you never look back.
I have witnessed the softening of the hardest of hearts by a simple smile.
I have you and even if we never meet or ever see each other, we have left our thumbprints in the thick, moist clay of each other's lives.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
I honestly don't know how you live without having a cat inside your house. It's like having a little living piece of art that is also very warm and soft.
I improve on misquotation.
I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
I just never let anything bother me, man. I know myself really well. Nobody's opinion of me can shake my opinion of myself.
I keep the subject of my inquiry constantly before me, and wait till the first dawning opens gradually, by little and little, into a full and clear light.
I know a lot about cars. I can look at a car's headlights and tell you exactly which way it's coming.
I know for sure that what we dwell on is who we become.
I know just how frustrating it can be when you're tired and exhausted, but you still want to draw something.
I know not, sir, whether Bacon wrote the works of Shakespeare, but if he did not it seems to me that he missed the opportunity of his life.
I know that there are people who do not love their fellow man, and I hate people like that!
I know that you believe that you understood what you think I said, but I am not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant.
I know who I am. No one else knows who I am. If I was a giraffe, and someone said I was a snake, I'd think, no, actually I'm a giraffe.
I learned early that sometimes you have to dig through garbage to get anywhere.
I like an escalator because an escalator can never break, it can only become stairs. There would never be an escalator temporarily out of order sign, only an escalator temporarily stairs. Sorry for the convenience.
I like coincidences. They make me wonder about destiny, and whether free will is an illusion or just a matter of perspective. They let me speculate on the idea of some master plan that, from time to time, we're allowed to see out of the corner of our eye.
I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow, but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
I like manual labor. Whenever I've got waterlogged with study, I've taken a spell of it and found it spiritually invigorating.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, It's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, And that enables you to laugh at life's realities.
I like rice. Rice is great if you're hungry and want 2000 of something.
I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to promote peace than our governments. Indeed, I think that people want peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of the way and let them have it.
I like to play blackjack. I'm not addicted to gambling, I'm addicted to sitting in a semi-circle.
I like weights. You know where you stand with them. Well, sometimes you're lying under them, trying not to let them crush you, but you see, you KNOW they'd crush you if they could. There's honesty.
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.
I live in the present due to the constraints of the Space-Time Continuum.
I live now on borrowed time, waiting in the anteroom for the summons that will inevitably come. And then - I go on to the next thing, whatever it is. One doesn't luckily have to bother about that.
I'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it.
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.
Illegitimacy is something we should talk about in terms of not having it.
Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
I look at what the phone company does and do the opposite.
I look forward to an america in which commands respect throughout the world, not only for its strength, but for its civilization as well. And I look forward to a world in which we will be safe not only for democracy and diversity but also for personal distinction.
I love being a writer. What I can't stand is the paperwork.
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
I love drugs, but I hate hangovers, and the hatred of the hangover wins by a landslide every time.
I'm a fan of laundry: the smell of fabric softener, the warm clothes in your hands. It's so good.
I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it.
Imagination is more important than knowledge...
Imagination is not only the uniquely human capacity to envision that which is not, and, therefore, the foundation of all invention and innovation. In its arguably most transformative and relevetory capacity, it is the power that enables us to empathize with humans whose experiences we have never shared.
Imagination is the beginning of creation. You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine and at last you create what you will.
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
I'm a godmother, that's a great thing to be, a godmother. She calls me god for short, that's cute, I taught her that.
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
I'm all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Let's start with typewriters.
I'm always sorry when pleasant things end. Something still pleasanter may come after, but you can never be sure.
I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown.
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.
I'm convinced there's a small room in the attic of the Foreign Office where future diplomats are taught to stammer.
I'm glad I didn't have to fight in any war. I'm glad I didn't have to pick up a gun. I'm glad I didn't get killed or kill somebody. I hope my kids enjoy the same lack of manhood.
I'm glad I don't have to explain to a man from Mars why each day I set fire to dozens of little pieces of paper, and then put them in my mouth.
I'm going to a special place when I die, but I want to make sure my life is special while I'm here.
I'm going to memorize your name and throw my head away.
Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
I'm lazy.  But it's the lazy people who invented the wheel and the bicycle because they didn't like walking or carrying things.
I'm never going to be famous. My name will never be writ large on the roster of Those Who Do Things. I don't do any thing. Not one single thing. I used to bite my nails, but I don't even do that any more.
I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago.
I'm not concerned about all hell breaking loose, but that a PART of hell will break loose... it'll be much harder to detect.
I'm not going to quit. Why should I quit? This country is worth fighting for.
I'm not only my spirit buy my body, and who can decide how much I, my individual self, am conditioned by the accident of my body? Would Byron have been Byron but for his club foot, or Dostoyevsky Dostoyevsky without his epilepsy?
I'm of the mind that even people who have limitations, if they have a curiosity, they will find a way to explore it.
I'm still an atheist, thank God.
I'm struck by the insidious, computer-driven tendency to take things out of the domain of muscular activity and put them into the domain of mental activity. The transfer is not paying off. Sure, muscles are unreliable, but they represent several million years of accumulated finesse.
I'm the least confident person in so many ways. But I believed that if somebody gave me the chance to tell a story, I would tell a story [well enough] that the person who gave me the chance would get their money back.
I'm the world's least happy atheist. I miss having religious faith, but trying to have it seems like trying to be in love with someone that you're not in love with.
I'm too shy to express my sexual needs except over the phone to people I don't know.
I must create a system or be enslaved by another man's.
I must create a system, or be enslaved by another man's.
I must govern the clock, not be governed by it.
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. My sons ought to study mathematics and philosophy, geography, natural history, naval architecture, navigation, commerce, and agriculture, in order to give their children a right to study painting, poetry, music, architecture, statuary, tapestry, and porcelain.
I'm well aware when they fired the starting gun I was halfway down the track, but I still ran as fast as I could for 25 years.
I myself do nothing. The Holy Spirit accomplishes all through me.
In a country as big as the United States, you can find fifty examples of anything.
In a few minutes a computer can make a mistake so great that it would have taken many men many months to equal it.
In all recorded history there has not been one economist who has had to worry about where the next meal would come from.
In a mad world only the mad are sane.
In America any boy may become President and I suppose it's just one of the risks he takes.
In America, they want you to accomplish these great feats, to pull off these David Copperfield-type stunts. You want me to be great, but you don't ever want me to say I'm great?
In answer to the question of why it happened, I offer the modest proposal that our Universe is simply one of those things which happen from time to time.
In attempts to improve your character, know what is in your power and what is beyond it.
In a world where everything is remembered and everything is kept forever, you need to live for the future and things you really care about.
In case you're worried about what's going to become of the younger generation, it's going to grow up and start worrying about the younger generation.
In certain kinds of writing, particularly in art criticism and literary criticism, it is normal to come across long passages which are almost completely lacking in meaning.
Indeed, history is nothing more than a tableau of crimes and misfortunes.
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
In Ethiopia during the famine, I saw stuff there that reorganized how I saw the world. I didn't quite know what to do about it. At a certain point, I felt God is not looking for alms. God is looking for action.
I never cease being dumbfounded by the unbelievable things people believe.
I never dared to be radical when young For fear it would make me conservative when old.
I never did give them hell. I just told the truth, and they thought it was hell.
I never feel that I have comprehended an emotion, or fully lived even the smallest events, until I have reflected upon it in my journal; my pen is my truest confidant, holding in check the passions and disappointments that I dare not share even with my beloved.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
I never lecture, not because I am shy or a bad speaker, but simply because I detest the sort of people who go to lectures and don't want to meet them.
I never lie because I don't fear anyone. You only lie when you're afraid.
I never met anybody who said when they were a kid, "I wanna grow up and be a critic."
I never saw an ugly thing in my life: for let the form of an object be what it may - light, shade, and perspective will always make it beautiful.
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
I never trust people's assertions, I always judge of them by their actions.
I never vote for anyone; I always vote against.
In every American there is an air of incorrigible innocence, which seems to conceal a diabolical cunning.
In every aspect of our lives, we are always asking ourselves, How am I of value? What is my worth? Yet I believe that worthiness is our birthright.
In every power, of which taste is the foundation, excellence is pretty fairly divided between the sexes.
In films murders are always very clean. I show how difficult it is and what a messy thing it is to kill a man.
In giving advice, seek to help, not please, your friend.
In heaven all the interesting people are missing.
In journalism, there has always been a tension between getting it first and getting it right.
In Kyudo philosophy, you don't aim--you become one with the target. Then, in fact, there's nothing to aim at. I find it works well with women, too. Give it a try.
In literature as in love, we are astonished at what is chosen by others.
In love, one and one are one.
In mathematics you don't understand things. You just get used to them.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
In Mexico we have a word for sushi: Bait.
In modern America, anyone who attempts to write satirically about the events of the day finds it difficult to concoct a situation so bizarre that it may not actually come to pass while the article is still on the presses.
Innovation has nothing to do with how many R&D dollars you have. When Apple came up with the Mac, IBM was spending at least 100 times more on R&D. It's not about money. It's about the people you have, how you're led, and how much you get it.
I no longer prepare food or drink with more than one ingredient.
In order that people may be happy in their work, these three things are needed: They must be fit for it. They must not do too much of it. And they must have a sense of success in it.
In order to truly give to others, you have to give to yourself first.
I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow.
In Paris they simply stared when I spoke to them in French; I never did succeed in making those idiots understand their language.
In politics you must always keep running with the pack. The moment that you falter and they sense that you are injured, the rest will turn on you like wolves.
In real life, I assure you, there is no such thing as algebra.
In recent years, we've become enamored with our own past success. Lulled into complacency by the glitter of our own achievements. We've become accustomed to the title of Military Superpower, forgetting the qualities that got us there. We've become accustomed to our economic dominance in the world, forgetting that it wasn't reckless deals and get rich quick schemes that got us where we are, but hard work and smart ideas, quality products and wise investments.
In religion and politics, people's beliefs and convictions are in almost every case gotten at second hand, and without examination.
In science, 'fact' can only mean 'confirmed to such a degree that it would be perverse to withhold provisional assent.' I suppose that apples might start to rise tomorrow, but the possibility does not merit equal time in physics classrooms.
Inside myself is a place where I live all alone and that's where you renew your springs that never dry up.
Insist on yourself; never imitate... Every great man is unique.
In spite of the cost of living, it's still popular.
Instant gratification takes too long.
In summer, the song sings itself.
Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought-- particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things.
In the absence of clearly-defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily trivia until ultimately we become enslaved by it.
In the absences of a decent time machine, fiction remains the most sturdy vehicle for visiting other eras.
In the attitude of silence the soul finds the path in a clearer light, and what is elusive and deceptive resolves itself into crystal clearness. Our life is a long and arduous quest after Truth.
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move.
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
In the end, we decide if we're remembered for what happened to us or for what we did with it.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
In the end, you'll know which people really love you. They're the ones who see you for who you are and, no matter what, always find a way to be at your side.
In the field of observation, chance favors only the prepared mind.
In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
In the first place, God made idiots. That was for practice. Then he made school boards.
In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative original thinker unless you can also sell what you create. Management cannot be expected to recognize a good idea unless it is presented to them by a good salesman.
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice; In practice, there is.
In the right light, at the right time, everything is extraordinary.
In these matters the only certainty is that nothing is certain.
In the United States, doing good has come to be, like patriotism, a favorite device of persons with something to sell.
In the United States there is more space where nobody is than where anybody is. That is what makes America what it is.
In this business you either sink or swim or you don't.
In this new, hyper competitive age, none of us, none of us can afford to be complacent.
In those days spirits were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri.
Intimate relationships cannot substitute for a life plan. But to have any meaning or viability at all, a life plan must include intimate relationships.
In your clothes avoid too much gaudiness; do not value yourself upon an embroidered gown; and remember that a reasonable word, or an obliging look, will gain you more respect than all your fine trappings.
I often quote myself. It adds spice to my conversation.
I once had a sparrow alight upon my shoulder for a moment, while I was hoeing in a village garden, and I felt that I was more distinguished by that circumstance that I should have been by any epaulet I could have worn.
I once said cynically of a politician, 'He'll doublecross that bridge when he comes to it.'
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays.
I only know two pieces; one is 'Clair de Lune' and the other one isn't.
I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite.
I pack my trunk, embrace my friends, embark on the sea, and at last wake up in Naples, and there beside me is the Stern Fact, the Sad Self, unrelenting, identical, that I fled from.
I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best.
I pay very little regard...to what any young person says on the subject of marriage. If they profess a disinclination for it, I only set it down that they have not yet seen the right person.
I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly.
I quit therapy because my analyst was trying to help me behind my back.
I reached for sleep and drew it round me like a blanket muffling pain and thought together in the merciful dark.
I read part of it all the way through.
I really do believe I can accomplish a great deal with a big grin, I know some people find that disconcerting, but that doesn't matter.
I respect faith, but doubt is what gets you an education.
I row after health like a waterman...
Irrationally held truths may be more harmful than reasoned errors.
I say luck is when an opportunity comes along, and you're prepared for it.
I say that a man must be certain of his morality for the simple reason that he has to suffer for it.
I say that good painters imitated nature; but that bad ones vomited it.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
I sent the club a wire stating, PLEASE ACCEPT MY RESIGNATION. I DON'T WANT TO BELONG TO ANY CLUB THAT WILL ACCEPT ME AS A MEMBER.
I shall give life here my best, and I believe it will give its best to me in return.
I shall not pretend that I do not prefer to have people adore me rather than revile me, but I have always found that it was far easier for me to suffer the disapprobation of others than to amend my behaviour in order to find favour with them.
I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them.
I shot an arrow into the air, and it stuck.
I show up. I listen. I try to laugh.
Isn't it fascinating how long a few minutes seem when you are completely alone with not a familiar face in sight?
I spent a lot of money on booze, birds and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.
I stand in awe of my body.
I started concentrating so hard on my vision that I lost sight.
Is there life before death?
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when my mother took me to see him in a department store, and he asked for my autograph.
I suppose no matter what I'm drawing, there will always be some sort of question in my mind about it. A work of art (even cartoon art)is never really finished; it is abandoned.
I suppose that I shall have to die beyond my means.
I take care of my things. After all, those of us as has few things to begin with must take care, lest we have fewer.
I take it as a man's duty to restrain himself.
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back.
I take the view, and always have, that if you cannot say what you are going to say in twenty minutes you ought to go away and write a book about it.
I tasted too what was called the sweet of revenge - but it was transient, it expired even with the object, that provoked it.
It can be a real struggle to accept that sometimes appearance can be more important than talent or intelligence.
It comes from saying no to 1,000 things to make sure we don't get on the wrong track or try to do too much.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
It doesn't make a difference what temperature a room is, it's always room temperature.
It had only been my repeated experience that when you said to life calmly and firmly... 'I trust you; do what you must,' life had an uncanny way of responding to your need.
It has always been the prerogative of children and half-wits to point out that the emperor has no clothes. But the half-wit remains a half-wit, and the emperor remains an emperor.
It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.
It has been my experience that maximizing income is a helluva lot less important than maximizing passion and fulfillment in your both professionally and personally.
It has been my experience that one cannot, in any shape or form, depend on human relations for lasting reward. It is only work that truly satisfies.
It has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried.
It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
It has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value.
I think about how there are certain people who come into your life and leave a mark. The ones who are as much a part of you as your own soul. Their place in your heart is tender; a bruise of longing, a pulse of unfinished business. Just hearing their names pushes and pulls at you in a hundred ways, and when you try to define those hundred ways, describe them even to yourself, words are useless. If you had a lifetime to talk, there would still be things left unsaid.
I think age is a very high price to pay for maturity.
I think I should have no other mortal wants, if I could always have plenty of music. It seems to infuse strength into my limbs and ideas into my brain. Life seems to go on without effort, when I am filled with music.
I think it is good that books still exist, but they do make me sleepy.
I think it's absolutely a blessing when you just know what your purpose is and your destiny. I don't think it's a curse at all.
I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately.
I think people don't place a high enough value on how much they are nurtured by doing whatever it is that totally absorbs them.
I think people want their illusions and writers are mostly illusion. When you read their words, you read a flattened, incomplete version of the writer.
I think Superman should go on the Larry King show and announce that he would come back to life if people in all 50 states wanted him to.
I think that little by little I'll be able to solve my problems and survive.
I think that one possible definition of our modern culture is that it is one in which nine-tenths of our intellectuals can't read any poetry.
I think that somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
I think that when you invite people to your home, you invite them to yourself.
I think the first virtue is to restrain the tongue; he approaches nearest to gods who knows how to be silent, even though he is in the right.
I think the promise of fame and what it holds to you as a child and dreaming of it is not what it is. What it is, I'm not complaining about, but it's just different than the reality you dreamed.
I think there's a god and I know it's not me.
I think the world is run by 'C' students.
I think we ought always to entertain our opinions with some measure of doubt. I shouldn't wish people dogmatically to believe any philosophy, not even mine.
I think we're having fun. I think our customers really like our products. And we're always trying to do better.
I think when I work 14 hours a day, seven days a week, I get lucky.
I thoroughly disapprove of duels. If a man should challenge me, I would take him kindly and forgivingly by the hand and lead him to a quiet place and kill him.
I thought about how wonderfully strange it would be to live in a place where almost everything had been built by the dead.
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.
It is a curious thing... that every creed promises a paradise which will be absolutely uninhabitable for anyone of civilized taste.
It is a far, far better thing to have a firm anchor in nonsense than to put out on the troubled sea of thought.
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations.
It is all very well, when the pen flows, but then there are the dark days when imagination deserts one, and it is an effort to put anything down on paper. That little you have achieved stares at you at the end of the day, and you know the next morning you will have to scrape it down and start again.
It is always a silly thing to give advice, but to give good advice is fatal.
It is always the best policy to speak the truth--unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
It is amazing how much crisper the general experience of life becomes when your body is given a chance to develop a little strength.
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes.
It is a mistake to try to look too far ahead. The chain of destiny can only be grasped one link at a time.
It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched for they are full of the truthless ideal which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real, they are bruised and wounded.
It is an interesting question how far men would retain their relative rank if they were divested of their clothes.
It is a paradoxical but profoundly true and important principle of life that the most likely way to reach a goal is to be aiming not at that goal itself but at some more ambitious goal beyond it.
It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish.
It is as hard to see one's self as to look backwards without turning around.
It is a sign of a creeping inner death when we no longer can praise the living.
It is a very sad thing that nowadays there is so little useless information.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
It is bad luck to be superstitious.
It is better to be quotable than to be honest.
It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not to deserve them.
It is better to die on your feet than live on your knees.
It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating.
It is better to have loved and lost than never to have lost at all.
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt.
It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers.
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.
It is better to suffer wrong than to do it, and happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
It is better wither to be silent, or to say things of more value than silence. Sooner throw a pearl at hazard than an idle or useless word; and do not say a little in many words, but a great deal in a few.
It is bitter to lose a friend to evil, before one loses him to death.
It is by universal misunderstanding that all agree. For if, by ill luck, people understood each other, they would never agree.
It is certainly desirable to be well descended, but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
It is characteristic of all deep human problems that they are not to be approached without some humor and some bewilderment.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
It is cruel to discover one's mediocrity only when it is too late.
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare.
It is dangerous for a national candidate to say things that people might remember.
It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong.
It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his job depends on not understanding it.
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
It is equally offensive to speed a guest who would like to stay and to detain one who is anxious to leave.
It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man.
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help.
It is fun to be in the same decade with you.
It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place.
It is healthier to see the good points of others than to analyze our own bad ones.
It is how people respond to stress that determines whether they will profit from misfortune or be miserable.
It is impossible to defeat an ignorant man in argument.
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not lived at all. In which case, you've failed by default.
It is impossible to travel faster than the speed of light, and certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off.
It is inaccurate to say that I hate everything. I am strongly in favor of common sense, common honesty, and common decency. This makes me forever ineligible for public office.
It is in his pleasure that a man really lives; it is from his leisure that he constructs the true fabric of self.
It is in the knowledge of the genuine conditions of our lives that we must draw our strength to live and our reasons for living.
It is in vain to say human beings ought to be satisfied with tranquillity: they must have action; and they will make it if they cannot find it.
It is just the little touches after the average man would quit that make the master's fame.
It is no coincidence that in no known language does the phrase 'As pretty as an Airport' appear.
It is not a bad idea to get in the habit of writing down one's thoughts. It saves one having to bother anyone else with them.
It is not advisable, James, to venture unsolicited opinions. You should spare yourself the embarrassing discovery of their exact value to your listener.
It is not always the same thing to be a good man and a good citizen.
It is not an ennobling experience. Poverty entails fear and stress and sometimes depression. It means a thousand petty humiliations and hardships.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
It is not bigotry to be certain we are right; but it is bigotry to be unable to imagine how we might possibly have gone wrong.
It is not enough to do good; one must do it the right way.
It is not enough to have a good mind. The main thing is to use it well.
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
It is not necessary to understand things in order to argue about them.
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
It is no use to blame the looking glass if your face is awry.
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be unhappy.
It is only an auctioneer who can equally and impartially admire all schools of art.
It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves - in finding themselves.
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day-to-day basis.
It is only prudent never to place complete confidence in that by which we have even once been deceived.
It is only the first step that is difficult.
It is our responsibilities, not ourselves, that we should take seriously.
It is possible to be below flattery as well as above it.
It is pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth have both failed.
It is said that power corrupts, but actually it's more true that power attracts the corruptible. The sane are usually attracted by other things than power.
It is the creative potential itself in human beings that is the image of God.
It is the letter not sent that is often the most valuable.
It is the loving, not the loved, woman who feels loveable.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
It is the nature of all greatness not to be exact.
It is the part of a good shepherd to shear his flock, not to skin it.
It is through creating, not possessing, that life is revealed.
It is true that I was born in Iowa, but I can't speak for my twin sister.
It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims.
It is undesirable to believe a proposition when there is no ground whatsoever for supposing it is true.
It is useless to attempt to reason a man out of a thing he was never reasoned into.
It is very difficult to know people and I don't think one can ever really know any but one's own countrymen. For men and women are not only themselves; they are also the region in which they are born, the city apartment or the farm in which they learnt to walk, the games they played as children, the old wives' tales they overheard, the food they ate, the schools they attended, the sports they followed, the poets they read, and the God they believed in. It is all these things that have made them what they are, and these are the things that you can't come to know by hearsay, you can only know them if you have lived them.
It is very difficult to live among people you love and hold back from offering them advice.
It is well to give when asked but it is better to give unasked, through understanding.
It is wise to apply the oil of refined politeness to the mechanisms of friendship.
It is within the families themselves where peace can begin.
It is wonderful how quickly you get used to things, even the most astonishing.
It makes you feel very virtuous when you forgive people, doesn't it?
It may be that the old astrologers had the truth exactly reversed, when they believed that the stars controlled the destinies of men. The time may come when men control the destinies of stars.
It may be true that the law cannot make a man love me, but it can stop him from lynching me, and I think that's pretty important.
It may make your blood boil and your mind may not be changed, but the practice of listening to opposing views is essential for effective citizenship. It is essential for our democracy.
It never pays to deal with the flyweights of the world. They take far too much pleasure in thwarting you at every turn.
I took a speed reading course and read 'War and Peace' in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.
It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
It really doesn't matter if the person who hurt you deserves to be forgiven. Forgiveness is a gift you give yourself. You have things to do and you want to move on.
I truly feel that there are as many ways of loving as there are people in the world and as there are days in the life of those people.
I trust that everything happens for a reason, even when we're not wise enough to see it.
It's about what YOU are going to do with the short time you have left on this earth.
It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
It's all knowing what to start with. If you start in the right place and follow all the steps, you will get to the right end.
It's also helpful to realize that this very body that we have, that's sitting right here right now... with its aches and it pleasures... is exactly what we need to be fully human, fully awake, fully alive.
It's always difficult to make conversation with a drunk, and there's no denying it, the sober are at a disadvantage with him.
It's always helpful to learn from your mistakes because then your mistakes seem worthwhile.
It's a rare person who wants to hear what he doesn't want to hear.
It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression when you lose yours.
It's a sad day when you find out that it's not accident or time or fortune, but just yourself that kept things from you.
It's a sign of mediocrity when you demonstrate gratitude with moderation.
It's asking a great deal that things should appeal to your reason as well as your sense of the aesthetic.
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to paint it.
It's a toss-up when you decide to leave the beaten track. Many are called, but few are chosen.
It's been my experience that you can nearly always enjoy things if you make up your mind firmly that you will.
It's better to be a company than to work for a company.
It's better to be a pirate than to join the Navy.
It's better to do nothing with your money than something you don't understand.
It's choice - not chance - that determines your destiny.
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
It seems the misfortune of one can plow a deeper furrow in the heart than the misfortune of millions.
It seems to me that people have vast potential. Most people can do extraordinary things if they have the confidence or take the risks. Yet most people don't. They sit in front of the telly and treat life as if it goes on forever.
It's funny how dogs and cats know the inside of folks better than other folks do, isn't it?
It's going to come true like you knew it, but it's not going to feel like you think.
It's harder to make something good when you can't curse all the time.
It's hard to take over the world when you sleep 20 hours a day.
It's important that someone celebrate our existence... People are the only mirror we have to see ourselves in. The domain of all meaning. All virtue, all evil, are contained only in people. There is none in the universe at large. Solitary confinement is a punishment in every human culture.
It's innocence when it charms us, ignorance when it doesn't.
It's just a ride and we can change it any time we want. It's only a choice. No effort, no work, no job, no savings and money, a choice, right now, between fear and love. The eyes of fear want you to put bigger locks on your door, buy guns, close yourself off. The eyes of love instead see all of us as one.
It's just human. We all have the jungle inside of us. We all have wants and needs and desires, strange as they may seem. If you stop to think about it, we're all pretty creative, cooking up all these fantasies. it's like a kind of poetry.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
It's never just a game when you're winning.
It's no accident that the church and the graveyard stand side by side. The city of the dead sleeps encircled by the city of the living.
It's not a 9-5 job. It's an every moment you're awake job because you actually enjoy the work that you're doing.
It's not about vein' mad at everything. It's about bein' REALLY mad at the right stuff.
It's not foresight or hindsight we need. We need sight, plain and simple. We need to see what is right in front of us.
It's not having what you want It's wanting what you've got.
It's not that I'm afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
It's not the will to win that matters...everyone has that. It's the will to prepare to win that matters.
It's not what you want in this life, it's what you get that you have to do with.
It's okay if you mess up. You should give yourself a break.
It's pretty clear now that what looked like it might have been some kind of counterculture is, in reality, just the plain old chaos of undifferentiated weirdness.
It's so easy to be wicked without knowing it, isn't it?
It's so much easier to suggest solutions when you don't know too much about the problem.
It's the good girls who keep diaries; the bad girls never have the time.
It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon. Which raises the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to.
It's the possibility that when you're dead you might still go on hurting that bothers me.
It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities.
It's very easy to feel someone's pain when you love them.
It's very hard to take yourself too seriously when you look at the world from outer space.
It takes a great deal of courage to stand up to your enemies, but even more to stand up to your friends.
It takes hundreds of nuts to hold a car together, but it takes only one of them to scatter it all over the highway.
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
It was a book to kill time for those who like it better dead.
It was a creed written into the founding documents that declared the destiny of a nation. Yes we can. It was whispered by slaves and abolitionists as they blazed a trail towards freedom through the darkest of nights. Yes we can. It was sung by immigrants as they struck out from distant shores and pioneers who pushed westward against an unforgiving wilderness. Yes we can.
It was never what I wanted to buy that held my heart's hope. It was what I wanted to be.
It was no wonder that people were so horrible when they started life as children.
It was one of those perfect English autumnal days which occur more frequently in memory than in life.
It was on my fifth birthday that Papa put his hand on my shoulder and said, 'Remember, my son, if you ever need a helping hand, you'll find one at the end of your arm.'
It was such a lovely day I thought it a pity to get up.
It was the misfortune of poetry to be seldom safely enjoyed by those who enjoyed it completely; and that the strong feelings which alone could estimate it truly were the very feelings which ought to taste it but sparingly.
It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss it.
It will, I believe, be everywhere found, that as the clergy are, or are not what they ought to be, so are the rest of the nation.
I used to dread getting older because I thought I would not be able to do all the things I wanted to do, but now that I am older I find that I don't want to do them.
I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in my body. Then I realized who was telling me this.
I used to wake up at 4 A.M. and start sneezing, sometimes for five hours. I tried to find out what sort of allergy I had but finally came to the conclusion that it must be an allergy to consciousness.
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn't park anywhere near the place.
I've always followed my father's advice: he told me, first to always keep my word and, second, to never insult anybody unintentionally. If I insult you, you can be goddamn sure I intend to. And, third, he told me not to go around looking for trouble.
I've always found paranoia to be a perfectly defensible position.
I've always thought that a big laugh is a really loud noise from the soul saying, "Ain't that the truth."
I've always tried to go a step past wherever people expected me to end up.
I've arrived at this outermost edge of my life by my own actions. Where I am is thoroughly unacceptable. Therefore, I must stop doing what I've been doing.
I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.
I've been trying for some time to develop a lifestyle that doesn't require my presence.
I've come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that's as unique as a fingerprint - and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in the form of service, working hard, and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you.
I've come to embrace the notion that I haven't done enough in my life. I've come to confirm that one's title, even a title like president of the United States, says very little about how well one's life has been led. No matter how much you've done or how successful you've been, there's always more to do, always more to learn, and always more to achieve.
I've decided that the key to happiness is low expectations.
I've grown certain that the root of all fear is that we've been forced to deny who we are.
I've grown to realize the joy that comes from little victories is preferable to the fun that comes from ease and the pursuit of pleasure.
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.
I've learned that all a person has in life is family and friends. If you lose those, you have nothing, so friends are to be treasured more than anything else in the world.
I've learned that you can't have everything and do everything at the same time.
I've never quite believed that one chance is all I get.
I've stopped drinking, but only while I'm asleep.
I've wrestled with reality for 35 years, Doctor, and I'm happy to state I finally won out over it.
I wanna hang a map of the world in my house. Then I'm gonna put pins into all the locations that I've traveled to. But first, I'm gonna have to travel to the top two corners of the map so it won't fall down.
I wanted change and excitement and to shoot off in all directions myself, like the colored arrows from a Fourth of July rocket.
I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what.
I want freedom for the full expression of my personality.
I want to find a voracious, small-minded predator and name it after the IRS.
I was always taught to respect my elders and I've now reached the age when I don't have anybody to respect.
I was brought up to believe that the only thing worth doing was to add to the sum of accurate information in the world.
I was coming home from kindergarten--well they told me it was kindergarten. I found out later I had been working in a factory for ten years. It's good for a kid to know how to make gloves.
I was going to buy a copy of The Power of Positive Thinking, and then I thought: What the hell good would that do?
I was going to have cosmetic surgery until I noticed that the doctor's office was full of portraits by Picasso.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly. I said I don't know.
I was so naive as a kid I used to sneak behind the barn and do nothing.
I was thinking about how disjointedly time seemed to flow, passing in a blur at times, with single images standing out more clearly than others. And then, at other times, every second was significant, etched in my mind.
I was walking down the street wearing glasses when the prescription ran out.
I went into a McDonald's yesterday and said, 'I'd like some fries.' The girl at the counter said, 'Would you like some fries with that?'
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars.
I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am.
I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to. It belongs to you. It belongs to you. I was never the likeliest candidate for this office. We didn't start with much money or many endorsements. Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington. It began in the backyards of Des Moines and the living rooms of Concord and the front porches of Charleston. It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give $5 and $10 and $20 to the cause.
I wish you sunshine on your path and storms to season your journey. I wish you peace in the world in which you live... More I cannot wish you except perhaps love to make all the rest worthwhile.
I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult.
I wonder what it means when your grandson is more crotchety than you are.
I would be the most content if my children grew up to be the kind of people who think decorating consists mostly of building enough bookshelves.
I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority.
I would rather be a coward than brave because people hurt you when you are brave.
I would rather be right and die than be wrong and kill.
I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief.
Joel: That's the movies, Ed. Try reality. Ed: No thanks.
Joy is not in things; it is in us.
Just a word of advice. Whenever you're furious with your parents or you think they're terrible, just remember, you vomited on them and they kept you.
Just because it's only 'stuff' doesn't mean I can't appreciate it while I have it.
Just because this isn't in your life plan doesn't mean this isn't exactly where you're supposed to be.
Just because we've been dealt a certain hand, it doesn't mean that we can't choose to rise above - to conquer the boundaries of a destiny that none of us wanted. To try to retain whatever essential humanity we can.
Just because your voice reaches halfway around the world doesn't mean you are wiser than when it reached only to the end of the bar.
Justice does not come from the outside. It comes from inner peace.
Just the knowledge that a good book is awaiting one at the end of a long day makes that day happier.
Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt.
Keep cool and you command everybody.
Keep five yards from a carriage, ten yards from a horse, and a hundred yards from an elephant; but the distance one should keep from a wicked man cannot be measured.
Keeping your clothes well pressed will keep you from looking hard pressed.
Keep playing games. Make time to play games with your friends and family, because it's surprisingly heartbreaking to wipe a thin layer of dust off a game you love, before you put it back on the shelf because the real world is calling you.
Keep true to the dreams of thy youth.
Keep your broken arm inside your sleeve.
Kindred spirits are not so scarce as I used to think. It's splendid to find out there are so many of them in the world.
Know, first, who you are; and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
Knowing their feelings as she did, it was a most attractive picture of happiness to her. She always watched them as long as she could, delighted to fancy she understood what they might be talking of, as they walked along in happy independence, or equally delighted to see the Admiral's hearty shake of the hand when he encountered an old friend, and observe their eagerness of conversation when occasionally forming into a little knot of the navy, Mrs Croft looking as intelligent and keen as any of the officers around her.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information on it.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Know most of the rooms of thy native country before thou goest over the threshold thereof.
Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire called conscience.
Lack of money is no obstacle. Lack of an idea is an obstacle.
Lack of money is the root of all evil.
Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up the pillow was gone.
Last night I stayed up late playing poker with Tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.
Last year I went fishing with Salvador Dali. He was using a dotted line. He caught every other fish.
Late to bed and late to wake will keep you long on money and short on mistakes.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.
Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life. Laughing at someone else's can shorten it.
Laughter gives us distance. It allows us to step back from an event, deal with it and then move on.
Laughter is an instant vacation.
Laughter is by definition healthy.
Laws are like sausages. It's better not to see them being made.
Lawyers, I suppose, were children once.
Lawyers spend a great deal of their time shoveling smoke.
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
Learn as much by writing as by reading.
Learning is not compulsory... neither is survival.
Learning to love yourself is the greatest love of all.
Learn the art of patience. Apply discipline to your thoughts when they become anxious over the outcome of a goal. Impatience breeds anxiety, fear, discouragement and failure. Patience creates confidence, decisiveness, and a rational outlook, which eventually leads to success.
Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose.
Learn to see in another's calamity the ills which you should avoid.
Learn to value yourself, which means: to fight for your happiness.
Leave it to a girl to take the fun out of sex discrimination.
Let no man imagine that he has no influence. Whoever he may be, and wherever he may be placed, the man who thinks becomes a light and a power.
Let no man pull you low enough to hate him.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Let's assume that each person has an equal opportunity, not to become equal, but to become different. To realize whatever unique potential of body, mind and spirit he or she possesses.
Let thy speech be short, comprehending much in a few words.
Let us develop the resources of our land, call forth our powers, build up its institutions, promote all its great interests, and see whether we also, in our day and generation, may not perform something worthy to be remembered.
Let us hope that we are all preceded in this world by a love story.
Let us make a special effort to stop communicating with each other, so we can have some conversation.
Let us make one point, that we meet each other with a smile, when it is difficult to smile. Smile at each other, make time for each other in your family.
Let us so live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
Let us, then be up and doing, With a heart for any fate; Still achieving, still pursuing, Learn to labour and to wait.
Liberals are very broadminded: they are always willing to give careful consideration to both sides of the same side.
Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it.
Liberty without learning is always in peril; learning without liberty is always in vain.
Life ain't like books. Books got somebody writin' 'em and tryin' to entertain ya. Life is more like a set of Legos. Unless you take care of 'em, you lose a few pieces and you end up steppin' on 'em with bare feet. You gotta take care of your life.
Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Life engenders life. Energy creates energy. It is by spending oneself that one becomes rich.
Life is a fatal complaint, and an eminently contagious one.
Life is a great big canvas; throw all the paint on it you can.
Life is a long lesson in humility.
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
Life is an adventure in forgiveness.
Life is an escalator: You can move forward or backward; you can not remain still.
Life is a reciprocal exchange. To move forward, you have to give back.
Life is a risk.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease.
Life is difficult and complicated and beyond anyone's total control, and the humility to know that will enable you to survive its vicissitudes.
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about.
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it's all over much too soon.
Life is just a bowl of pits.
Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you is determinism; the way you play it is free will.
Life... is like a grapefruit. It's orange and squishy, and has a few pips in it, and some folks have half a one for breakfast.
Life is like an ever-shifting kaleidoscope - a slight change, and all patterns alter.
Life is pain, anyone who says differently is selling something.
Life is too complicated not to be orderly.
Life is too short for traffic.
Life is tough, and if you have the ability to laugh at it you have the ability to enjoy it.
Life itself is a quotation.
Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told, 'I'm with you kid. Let's go.'
Life only demands from you the strength you possess. Only one feat is possible - not to have run away.
Life ought to be a struggle of desire toward adventures whose nobility will fertilize the soul.
Life's a tough proposition, and the first hundred years are the hardest.
Life's greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved.
Life-transforming ideas have always come to me through books.
Like an ability or a muscle, hearing your inner wisdom is strengthened by doing it.
Like its politicians and its wars, society has the teenagers it deserves.
Listening, not imitation, may be the sincerest form of flattery.
Literature is an occupation in which you have to keep proving your talent to people who have none.
Live among men as if God beheld you; speak to God as if men were listening.
Live as brave men; and if fortune is adverse, front its blows with brave hearts.
Live each season as it passes; breathe the air, drink the drink, taste the fruit, and resign yourself to the influences of each.
Live in such a way that you would not be ashamed to sell your parrot to the town gossip.
Live up to your potential instead of imitating someone else's.
Living apart and at peace with myself, I came to realize more vividly the meaning of the doctrine of acceptance. To refrain from giving advice, to refrain from meddling in the affairs of others, to refrain, even though the motives be the highest, from tampering with another's way of life - so simple, yet so difficult for an active spirit. Hands off!
Living hell is the best revenge.
Living in a vacuum sucks.
[Long hair] is considered bohemian, which may be why I grew it, but I keep it long because I love the way it feels, part cloak, part fan, part mane, part security blanket.
Look for the ridiculous in everything and you will find it.
Look not mournfully into the past. It comes not back again. Wisely improve the present. It is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy future, without fear.
Look to your health; and if you have it, praise God and value it next to conscience; for health is the second blessing that we mortals are capable of, a blessing money can't buy.
Look well into thyself; there is a source of strength which will always spring up if thou wilt always look there.
Look wise, say nothing, and grunt. Speech was given to conceal thought.
Love cannot survive if you just give it scraps of yourself, scraps of your time, scraps of your thoughts.
Love God and trust your feelings. Be loyal to them. Don't betray them.
Love has no place in a lawyer's office.
Love is, above all else, the gift of oneself.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.
Love is an exploding cigar we willingly smoke.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Love is not blind - it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less.
Love is the ability and willingness to allow those that you care for to be what they choose for themselves without any insistence that they satisfy you.
Love is the big booming beat which covers up the noise of hate.
Love is the difficult realization that something other than oneself is real.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Love the moment, and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
Love thy neighbour as yourself, but choose your neighbourhood.
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
Loving yourself means caring enough to make the hard decisions in your life.
Luck is the residue of design.
Lying increases the creative faculties, expands the ego, and lessens the frictions of social contacts.
Mach-S, the speed at which stress can't keep up, is simply forward motion. But it has to be self- propelled. Note that people in cars are still stressed.
Make a decision, even if it's wrong.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
Make money your god and it will plague you like the devil.
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood...Make big plans, aim high in hope and work.
Make sure you have finished speaking before your audience has finished listening.
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
Make visible what, without you, might perhaps never have been seen.
Make voyages! - Attempt them! - there's nothing else...
Make your bargain before beginning to plow.
Make your life a mission - not an intermission.
Make your own recovery the first priority in your life.
Make yourself necessary to somebody. Do not make life hard to any.
Making duplicate copies and computer printouts of things no one wanted even one of in the first place is giving America a new sense of purpose.
Making excuses is not going to get me any closer to my goals.
Mama exhorted her children at every opportunity to 'jump at de sun.' We might not land on the sun, but at least we would get off the ground.
Man always gets less than he demands from life.
Man does not live by words alone, despite the fact that sometimes he has to eat them.
Man forgives woman anything save the wit to outwit him.
Man has to suffer. When he has no real afflictions, he invents some.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Man is a credulous animal, and must believe something; in the absence of good grounds for belief, he will be satisfied with bad ones.
Man is born a predestined idealist, for he is born to act. To act is to affirm the worth of an end, and to persist in affirming the worth of an end is to make an ideal.
Man is born to live, not to prepare for life.
Man is distinguished from all other creatures by the faculty of laughter.
Man is his own star and the soul that can render an honest and perfect man commands all light, all influence, all fate.
Man is so made that he can only find relaxation from one kind of labor by taking up another.
Man is the artificer of his own happiness.
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps, for he is the only animal that is struck with the difference between what things are and what they ought to be.
Man is tormented by no greater anxiety than to find someone quickly to whom he can hand over that great gift of freedom with which the ill-fated creature is born.
Man is what he believes.
Man is what he eats.
Mankind have a great aversion to intellectual labor; but even supposing knowledge to be easily attainable, more people would be content to be ignorant than would take even a little trouble to acquire it.
Man must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge, aggression and retaliation. The foundation of such a method is love.
Man's main task is to give birth to himself.
Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.
Many a man who falls in love with a dimple make the mistake of marrying the whole girl.
Many books require no thought from those who read them, and for a very simple reason; they made no such demand upon those who wrote them.
Many men can make a fortune but very few can build a family.
Many people would sooner die than think; In fact, they do so.
Martyrdom is the only way in which a man can become famous without ability.
Martyrdom... is the only way in which a man can become famous without ability.
Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth, but supreme beauty - a beauty cold and austere, like that of sculpture.
Maybe because it's entirely an artist's eye, patience and skill that makes an image and not his tools.
Maybe it was only a second of your time, but you need to treasure life, every second.
Maybe kissing is sort of like nature's coffee.
[M]aybe the most any of us can expect of ourselves isn't perfection but progress.
Maybe this world is another planet's hell.
May I forget what ought to be forgotten; and recall, unfailing, all that ought to be recalled, each kindly thing, forgetting what might sting.
May your service of love a beautiful thing; want nothing else, fear nothing else and let love be free to become what love truly is.
May your walls know joy; May every room hold laughter and every window open to great possibility.
Measure not the work until the day's out and the labor done.
Mediocre men often have the most acquired knowledge.
Memories can be sad, but sometimes they can also save you.
Memory is a giggling sprite and will not be tamed. She takes flight the moment the present becomes the past.
[Memory is] a man's real possession...In nothing else is he rich, in nothing else is he poor.
Men are afraid to rock the boat in which they hope to drift safely through life's currents, when, actually, the boat is stuck on a sandbar. They would be better off to rock the boat and try to shake it loose.
Men are born with two eyes, but only one tongue, in order that they should see twice as much as they say.
Men are like steel. When they lose their temper, they lose their worth.
Men are not against you; they are merely for themselves.
Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience.
Men for the sake of getting a living forget to live.
Men live in a fantasy world. I know this because I am one, and I actually receive my mail there.
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from a religious conviction.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing ever happened.
Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable.
Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else.
Mid pleasures and palaces though we may roam,  Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
Millions long for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Minds, like bodies, will often fall into a pimpled, ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort.
Mistakes are a part of being human. Appreciate your mistakes for what they are: precious life lessons that can only be learned the hard way. Unless it's a fatal mistake, which, at least, others can learn from.
Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
Mistrust the man who finds everything good, the man who finds everything evil and still more the man who is indifferent to everything.
Money can't buy friends, but it can get you a better class of enemy.
Money doesn't always bring happiness. People with ten million dollars are no happier than people with nine million dollars.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Money is like a sixth sense without which you cannot make a complete use of the other five.
Money's the same, whoever gives it to you. That was the point of money, after all: crisp and clean or wrinkled or disintegrated into quarters - a dollar was always worth a hundred cents.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Morality, like art, means drawing a line someplace.
Most conversations are simply monologues delivered in the presence of witnesses.
Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted.
Most men are within a finger's breadth of being mad.
Most men's awareness doesn't extend past their dinner plates.
Most modern calendars mar the sweet simplicity of our lives by reminding us that each day that passes is the anniversary of some perfectly uninteresting event.
Most of the time I don't have much fun. The rest of the time I don't have any fun at all.
Most of you have been where I am tonight. The crash site of unrequited love. You ask yourself, How did I get here? What was it about? Was it her smile? Was it the way she crossed her legs, the turn of her ankle, the poignant vulnerability of her slender wrists? What are these elusive and ephemeral things that ignite passion in the human heart? That's an age-old question. It's perfect food for thought on a bright midsummer's night.
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
Most people ignore most poetry  because  most poetry ignores most people.
Most people rust out due to lack of challenge. Few people rust out due to overuse.
Most people would rather be certain they're miserable than risk being happy.
Most people would succeed in small things if they were not troubled with great ambitions.
Most turkeys taste better the day after; my mother's tasted better the day before.
Mothers may still want their sons to grow up to be President, but according to a famous Gallup poll of some years ago, some 73 percent do not want them to become politicians in the process.
Much of the social history of the Western world over the past three decades has involved replacing what worked with what sounded good.
Music has charms to soothe the savage breast  To soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.
Music is essentially useless, as life is.
Music is the wine that fills the cup of silence.
Music with dinner is an insult both to the cook and the violinist.
Mustard's no good without roast beef.
My definition of a free society is a society where it is safe to be unpopular.
My doctor gave me two weeks to live. I hope they're in August.
My dog is worried about the economy because Alpo is up to 99 cents a can. That's almost $7.00 in dog money.
My evil genius Procrastination has whispered me to tarry 'til a more convenient season.
My father used to say, 'Let them see you and not the suit. That should be secondary.'
My favorite animal is steak.
My favorite thing is to go where I've never been.
My friend is one... who take me for what I am.
My friends are my estate.
My future starts when I wake up every morning... Every day I find something creative to do with my life.
My grandfather once told me that there were two kinds of people: those who do the work and those who take the credit. He told me to try to be in the first group; there was much less competition.
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the hell she is.
My guess is that well over 80 percent of the human race goes without having a single original thought.
My heart, which is so full to overflowing, has often been solaced and refreshed by music when sick and weary.
My home is not a place, it is people.
My Karma ran over your dogma.
My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right?
My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right thing to say, and then to say it with the utmost levity.
My mission is to create a world where we can live in harmony with nature.
My mother buried three husbands, and two of them were just napping.
My mother loved children -- she would have given anything if I had been one.
My mother used to say that there are no strangers, only friends you haven't met yet. She's now in a maximum security twilight home in Australia.
My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.
My own business always bores me to death; I prefer other people's.
My personal hobbies are reading, listening to music, and silence.
My pessimism extends to the point of even suspecting the sincerity of the pessimists.
My philosophy is that not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
My success has depended wholly on putting things over on people, so I'm not sure that I'm that great a role model. I am, however, an expert on pretending to be an expert on pretending to be an expert.
My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
My theory is that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare.
My theory of evolution is that Darwin was adopted.
My toughest fight was with my first wife.
My way of joking is to tell the truth. It is the funniest joke in the world.
My whole career can be summed up with 'Ignorance is bliss.' When you do not know better, you do not really worry about failing.
My wife and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met.
My wife's jealousy is getting ridiculous. The other day she looked at my calendar and wanted to know who May was.
Nancy Reagan fell down and broke her hair.
Nature magically suits a man to his fortunes, by making them the fruit of his character.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be; For loan oft loses both itself and friend; And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry [economy].
Never advise anyone to go to war or to marry.
Never again clutter your days or nights with so many menial and unimportant things that you have no time to accept a real challenge when it comes along. This applies to play as well as work. A day merely survived is no cause for celebration. You are not here to fritter away your precious hours when you have the ability to accomplish so much by making a slight change in your routine. No more busy work. No more hiding from success. Leave time, leave space, to grow. Now. Now! Not tomorrow!
Never answer a critic, unless he's right.
Never bear more than one trouble at a time. Some people bear three kinds - all they have had, all they have now, and all they expect to have.
Never be haughty to the humble; never be humble to the haughty.
Never criticize a man until you've walked a mile in his moccasins.
Never deprive someone of hope; it might be all they have.
Never despair; but if you do, work on in despair.
Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong.
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow. Delay may give clearer light as to what is best to be done.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Never esteem anything as of advantage to you that will make you break your word or lose your self-respect.
Never explain--your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
Never expose yourself unnecessarily to danger; a miracle may not save you...and if it does, it will be deducted from your share of luck or merit.
Never express yourself more clearly than you are able to think.
Never face facts; if you do, you'll never get up in the morning.
Never fight an inanimate object.
Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
Never get angry. Never make a threat. Reason with people.
Never give a child a sword.
Never give advice unless asked.
Never give a party if you will be the most interesting person there.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
Never go to excess, but let moderation be your guide.
Never have children, only grandchildren.
Never help a child with a task at which he feels he can succeed.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Never judge a book by its movie.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
Never let your inferiors do you a favor - it will be extremely costly.
Never let your sense of morals get in the way of doing what's right.
Never make a defense or an apology until you are accused.
Never miss a chance to keep your mouth shut.
Never part without loving words to think of during your absence. It may be that you will not meet again in life.
Never regret something that once made you smile.
Never rely on the glory of the morning nor the smiles of your mother-in-law.
Never seem more learned than the people you are with. Wear your learning like a pocket watch and keep it hidden. Do not pull it out to count the hours, but give the time when you are asked.
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn.
Never tell anyone that you're writing a book, going on a diet, exercising, taking a course, or quitting smoking. They'll encourage you to death.
Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain.
Never trust the advice of a man in difficulties.
Never try to tell everything you know. It may take too short a time.
Newspapermen learn to call a murderer 'an alleged murderer' and the King of England 'the alleged King of England' to avoid libel suits.
Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
Ninety-eight percent of the adults in this country are decent, hard-working, honest Americans. It's the other lousy two percent that get all the publicity. But then--we elected them.
Ninety percent of everything is crap.
Ninety percent of the politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation.
No.
No bird soars too high, if he soars with his own wings.
Noble life demands a noble architecture for noble uses of noble men. Lack of culture means what it has always meant: ignoble civilization and therefore imminent downfall.
Nobody, as long as he moves about among the chaotic currents of life, is without trouble.
Nobody believes the official spokesman... but everybody trusts an unidentified source.
Nobody got anywhere in the world by simply being content.
Nobody has things just as he would like them. The thing to do is to make a success with what material I have. It is a sheer waste of time and soulpower to imagine what I would do if things were different. They are not different.
Nobody in the game of football should be called a genius. A genius is somebody like Norman Einstein.
Nobody speaks the truth when there's something they must have.
Nobody talks so constantly about God as those who insist that there is no God.
Nobody will ever win the Battle of the Sexes. There's just too much fraternizing with the enemy.
No foreign policy-no matter how ingenious-has any chance of success if it is born in the minds of few and carried in the hearts of many.
No good deed goes unpunished.
No great deed, private or public, had ever been undertaken in a bliss of certainty.
No great improvements in the lot of mankind are possible until a great change takes place in the fundamental constitution of their modes of thought.
No human thing is of serious importance.
No man ever listened himself out of a job.
No man is an Island, intire of itselfe; every man is a peece of the Continent, a part of the maine...
No man is exempt from saying silly things; the mischief is to say them deliberately.
No man is justified in doing evil on the ground of expediency.
No man remains quite what he was when he recognizes himself.
No man's life, liberty or property are safe while the legislature is in session.
No man who ever held the office of president would congratulate a friend on obtaining it.
No matter how advanced your camera you still need to be responsible for getting it to the right place at the right time and pointing it in the right direction to get the photo you want.
No matter how cynical you get, it is impossible to keep up.
No matter how far you travel or how much you run from it, can you ever really escape your past?
No matter how lonely you get or how many birth announcements you receive, the trick is not to get frightened. There's nothing wrong with being alone.
No matter how much you disagree with your kin, if you are a thoroughbred you will not discuss their shortcomings with the neighbors.
No matter how old you are, there's always something good to look forward to.
No matter how rich you become, how famous or powerful, when you die the size of your funeral will still pretty much depend on the weather.
No matter how slow the film, Spirit always stands still long enough for the photographer It has chosen.
No matter what I do, no matter how predictable I try to make my life, it will not be any more predictable than the rest of the world. Which is chaotic.
No matter what side of the argument you are on, you always find people on your side that you wish were on the other.
None are so busy as the fool and knave.
None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear.
None of us is as smart as all of us.
None of us will ever accomplish anything excellent or commanding except when he listens to this whisper which is heard by him alone.
No one can be really esteemed accomplished who does not greatly surpass what is usually met with.
No one can build his security upon the nobleness of another person.
No one can earn a million dollars honestly.
No one can have a higher opinion of him than I have, and I think he's a dirty little beast.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
No one else can speak the words on your lips Drench yourself in words unspoken Live your life with arms wide open Today is where your book begins The rest is still unwritten
No one forgives with more grace and love than a child.
No one gossips about other people's secret virtues.
No one has ever had an idea in a dress suit.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
No one means all he says, and yet very few say all they mean, for words are slippery and thought is viscous.
No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet, death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it, and that is how it should be, because death is very likely the single best invention of life. It's life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new.
No one who cannot rejoice in the discovery of his own mistakes deserves to be called a scholar.
No opera plot can be sensible, for people do not sing when they are feeling sensible.
No problem is too small or too trivial if we can really do something about it.
Normal is getting dressed in clothes that you buy for work and driving through traffic in a car that you are still paying for - in order to get to the job you need to pay for the clothes and the car, and the house you leave vacant all day so you can afford to live in it.
Nostalgia is a side effect of dying.
Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious.
Not even computers will replace committees, because committees buy computers.
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
Not going home is already like death.
Nothing amuses me more than the easy manner with which everybody settles the abundance of those who have a great deal less than themselves.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Nothing can so alienate a voter from the political system as backing a winning candidate.
Nothing changes your opinion of a friend so surely as success - yours or his.
Nothing contributes so much to tranquilizing the mind as a steady purpose - a point on which the soul may fix its intellectual eye.
Nothing endures but personal qualities.
Nothing ever goes away.
Nothing fails like success.
Nothing fixes a thing so intensely in the memory as the wish to forget it.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Nothing happens to any thing which that thing is not made by nature to bear.
Nothing has an uglier look to us than reason, when it is not on our side.
Nothing has a stronger influence psychologically on their environment and especially on their children than the unlived life of the parent.
Nothing in life is promised except death.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Nothing inspires forgiveness quite like revenge.
Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence.  Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent.  Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb.  Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts.  Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan 'Press On' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.
Nothing is as irritating as the fellow who chats pleasantly while he's overcharging you.
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
Nothing is impossible. Some things are just less likely than others.
Nothing is more admirable than the fortitude with which millionaires tolerate the disadvantages of their wealth.
Nothing is more pleasing and engaging than the sense of having conferred benefits. Not even the gratification of receiving them.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles.
Nothing is so good for an ignorant man as silence; and if he was sensible of this he would not be ignorant.
Nothing like a lot of exercise to make you realize you'd rather be lazy and dead sooner.
Nothing, of course, begins at the time you think it did.
Nothing shocks me. I'm a scientist.
Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other.
Nothing's so apt to undermine your confidence in a product as knowing that the commercial selling it has been approved by the company that make it.
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
Nothing surely is as potent as a law that may not be disobeyed. It has the force of the water drop that hollows the stone. A small dainty task, if it be really daily, will beat the labours of a spasmodic Hercules.
Nothing you can't spell will ever work.
Not only is the universe stranger than we imagine, it is stranger than we can imagine.
Not the power to remember, but its very opposite, the power to forget, is a necessary condition for our existence.
Not to be absolutely certain is, I think, one of the essential things in rationality.
Not wanting to die was another universal constant, it seemed.
No tyranny is so irksome as petty tyranny: the officious demands of policemen, government clerks, and electromechanical gadgets.
Nowadays men lead lives of noisy desperation.
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
Now I see the secret of the making of the best persons. It is to grow in the open air and to eat and sleep with the earth.
No wise man ever wished to be younger.
Now we sit through Shakespeare in order to recognize the quotations.
Nurture your mind with great thoughts; to believe in the heroic makes heroes.
Obscurity is a good thing. You can fail in obscurity. It removes the fear of failure.
Observe your enemies, for they first find out your faults.
Obtain from yourself all that makes complaining useless. No longer implore from others what you yourself can obtain.
Obviously crime pays, or there'd be no crime.
Of all afflictions, the worst is self-contempt.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.
Of all the preposterous assumptions of humanity over humanity, nothing exceeds most of the criticisms made on the habits of the poor by the well-housed, well-warmed, and well-fed.
Of all the self-fulfilling prophecies in our culture, the assumption that aging means decline and poor health is probably the deadliest.
Of course the game is rigged. Don't let that stop you--if you don't play, you can't win.
Of one thing I am certain, the body is not the measure of healing - peace is the measure.
Oh, I don't blame Congress. If I had $600 billion at my disposal, I'd be irresponsible, too.
Oh, life is a glorious cycle of song, A medley of extemporanea; And love is a thing that can never go wrong; And I am Marie of Romania.
Oh sleep! It is a gentle thing,  Beloved from pole to pole.
Oh, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to believe.
O, it is excellent to have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous to use it like a giant.
Old age is not so bad when you consider the alternatives.
Old age is the most unexpected of all the things that happen to a man.
Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet.
On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does.
On a long enough timeline. The survival rate for everyone drops to zero.
Once in a while you have to take a break and visit yourself.
Once the game is over, the King and the pawn go back in the same box.
Once you can laugh at your own weaknesses, you can move forward. Comedy breaks down walls. It opens up people. If you're good, you can fill up those openings with something positive. Maybe... combat some of the ugliness in the world.
Once you've learned to study in a bathing suit on the grass with muscled men throwing frisbees over your head, you can accomplish almost anything.
One can dream so much better in a room where there are pretty things.
One cannot fix one's eyes on the commonest natural production without finding food for a rambling fancy.
One can survive everything, nowadays, except death, and live down everything except a good reputation.
One can't stay sad very long in such an interesting world, can one?
One day the factory sports coach, who was very strict, pointed at four boys, including me, and ordered us to run in a race. I protested that I was weak and not fit to run, but the coach sent me for a physical examination and the doctor said that I was perfectly well. So I had to run, and when I got started I felt I wanted to win. But I only came in second. That was the way it started.
One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
One doesn't have a sense of humor. It has you.
One half of the world cannot understand the pleasures of the other.
One has a greater sense of intellectual degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience.
One is obliged to do a great deal of kissing in my line of work: air kissing, [butt] kissing, kissing up, and of course actual kissing. Much like hookers, actors have to do it with people we may not like or even know.
One is tempted to define man as a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
One kernel is felt in a hogshead; one drop of water helps to swell the ocean; a spark of fire helps to give light to the world. None are too small, too feeble, too poor to be of service. Think of this and act.
One kind word can warm three winter months.
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
One man may hit the mark, another blunder; but heed not these distinctions. Only from the alliance of the one, working with and through the other, are great things born.
One man's ways may be as good as another's, but we all like our own best.
One must also accept that one has 'uncreative' moments. The more honestly one can accept that, the quicker these moments will pass.
One must desire something to be alive.
One must not lose desires. They are mighty stimulants to creativeness, to love, and to long life.
One needs to be slow to form convictions, but once formed they must be defended against the heaviest odds.
One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done.
One of the best rules in conversation is, never to say a thing which any of the company can reasonably wish had been left unsaid.
One of the few good things about modern times: If you die horribly on television, you will not have died in vain. You will have entertained us.
One of the first duties of the physician is to educate the masses not to take medicine.
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
One of the hardest tasks of leadership is understanding that you are not what you are, but what you're perceived to be by others.
One of the indictments of civilizations is that happiness and intelligence are so rarely found in the same person.
One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say.
One of the most sublime experiences we can ever have is to wake up feeling healthy after we have been sick.
One of the serious obstacles to the improvement of our race is indiscriminate charity.
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important.
One of the things about being a grown-up is learning how to act right even when you feel wrong.
One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture, and if it were possible, to speak a few reasonable words.
One ought never to turn one's back on a threatened danger and try to run away from it. If you do that, you will double the danger. But if you meet it promptly and without flinching, you will reduce the danger by half.
One person can have a profound effect on another. And two people...well, two people can work miracles. They can change a whole town. They can change the world.
One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests.
One picture is worth a thousand words.
One reason I don't drink is that I want to know when I am having a good time.
One's first book, kiss, home run, is always the best.
One's first love is always perfect until one meets one's second love.
One's first step in wisdom is to question everything - and one's last is to come to terms with everything.
One should absorb the colour of life, but one should never remember its details. Details are always vulgar.
One should count each day a separate life.
One single grateful thought raised to heaven is the most perfect prayer.
One's life is not as fixed as one believes. Surprises may lie in store for you, the unexpected often tends to happen, sometimes bringing in its train the most delightful change in one's life or circumstances.
One's real life is often the life that one does not lead.
One thing I've learned in all these years is not to make love when you really don't feel it; there's probably nothing worse you can do to yourself than that.
One thing you will probably remember well is any time you forgive and forget.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love.
Only dull people are brilliant at breakfast.
Only fools are positive.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Only passions, great passions, can elevate the soul to great things.
Only sick music makes money today.
Only some people get what they want. Those are the people who show up to get it.
Only the curious will learn and only the resolute overcome the obstacles to learning. The quest quotient has always excited me more than the intelligence quotient.
Only the hand that erases can write the true thing.
Only the mediocre are always at their best.
On my income tax 1040 it says 'Check this box if you are blind.' I wanted to put a check mark about three inches away.
On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog.
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down.
Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Opportunity is rare, and a wise man will never let it go by him.
Oppression can only survive through silence.
Order is not pressure which is imposed on society from without, but an equilibrium which is set up from within.
Ordinarily he was insane, but he had lucid moments when he was merely stupid.
Organized crime in America takes in over forty billion dollars a year and spends very little on office supplies.
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it.
Orthodox medicine has not found an answer to your complaint. However, luckily for you, I happen to be a quack.
O that a man might know the end of this day's business ere it come!
Our bodies are our gardens to which our wills are gardeners.
Our children change us... whether they live or not.
Our feelings are our most genuine paths to knowledge.
Our great democracies still tend to think that a stupid man is more likely to be honest than a clever man.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in getting up every time we do.
Our greatest pretenses are built up not to hide the evil and the ugly in us, but our emptiness. The hardest thing to hide is something that is not there.
Our heroes are people and people are flawed. Don't let that taint the thing you love.
Our heroes are those... who... act above and beyond the call of duty and in so doing give definition to patriotism and elevate all of us.... America is the land of the free because we are the home of the brave.
Our houses are such unwieldy property that we are often imprisoned rather than housed in them.
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
Our lives improve only when we take chances - and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.
Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance but to do what lies clearly at hand.
Our own physical body possesses a wisdom which we who inhabit the body lack.
Our patience will achieve more than our force.
Our problems are man-made, therefore they may be solved by man. And man can be as big as he wants. No problem of human destiny is beyond human beings.
Our remedies oft in ourselves do lie.
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.
Ours is the age that is proud of machines that think and suspicious of men who try to.
Outings are so much more fun when we can savor them through the children's eyes.
Out of the strain of the Doing,  Into the peace of the Done.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
Over the years your bodies become walking autobiographies, telling friends and strangers alike of the minor and major stresses of your lives.
Pain is inevitable; suffering is optional.
Pain makes man think. Thought makes man wise. Wisdom makes life endurable.
Painting in watercolor is like walking a tight-rope; one must achieve a perfect balance between what the paint wants to do and what the artist wants to do, or all is lost.
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
Painting: The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather and exposing them to the critic.
Parents are never as bad as kids think they are.
Parents were invented to make children happy by giving them something to ignore.
Partake of some of life's sweet pleasures. And yes, get comfortable with yourself.
Part of being a hero is knowing when you don't need to be one anymore.
Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest.
Part of the secret of success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.
Passion kept one fully in the present, so that time became a series of mutually exclusive 'nows.'
Patience has its limits. Take it too far, and it's cowardice.
Patriotism is often an arbitrary veneration of real estate above principles.
Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons.
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it.
Patterning your life around other's opinions is nothing more than slavery.
Pay no attention to what the critics say... Remember, a statue has never been set up in honor of a critic!
Peace is not a relationship of nations. It is a condition of mind brought about by a serenity of soul. Peace is not merely the absence of war. It is also a state of mind. Lasting peace can come only to peaceful people.
People are all over the world telling their one dramatic story and how their life has turned into getting over this one event. Now their lives are more about the past than their future.
People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they can't find them, make them.
People are always trying to [mess] up other people's live's by telling lies about 'em. You wanna really [mess] somebody's life up? Tell the truth about 'em. They ain't never gonna be the same.
People are, if anything, more touchy about being thought silly than they are about being thought unjust.
People are more violently opposed to fur than leather because it's safer to harass rich women than motorcycle gangs.
People are people, messy and mutable, combining differently with one another from day to day - even hour to hour.
People ask for criticism, but they only want praise.
People care more about being thought to have taste than about being thought either good, clever or amiable.
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.
People everywhere confuse what they read in newspapers with news.
People fail forward to success.
People find life entirely too time-consuming.
People forget how fast you did a job - but they remember how well you did it.
People have a hard time letting go of their suffering. Out of a fear of the unknown, they prefer suffering that is familiar.
People make one happy, not houses? I do not think so. Houses are more to be trusted than people.
People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get.
People need to be reminded more often than they need to be instructed.
People often say that 'beauty is in the eye of the beholder,' and I say that the most liberating thing about beauty is realizing that you are the beholder. This empowers us to find beauty in places where others have not dared to look, including inside ourselves.
People only worry about the uncanny for about a week; that's the end of their attention span. After that, suspicions turn into shtick.
People say to me so often, 'Jane how can you be so peaceful when everywhere around you people want books signed, people are asking these questions and yet you seem peaceful,' and I always answer that it is the peace of the forest that I carry inside.
People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people have been left out of the pleasure.
People that are really very weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history.
People want economy and they will pay any price to get it.
People who are always making allowances for themselves soon go bankrupt.
People who are 'ready' give off a different vibe than people who aren't. Animals can smell fear; maybe that's it. The minute you become ready is the the minute you stop dreaming. Suddenly it's no longer about 'becoming'. Suddenly it's about 'doing'.
People who ask our advice almost never take it. Yet we should never refuse to give it, upon request, for it often helps us to see our own way more clearly.
People who get nostalgic about childhood were obviously never children.
People who reach the top of the tree are only those who haven't got the qualifications to detain them at the bottom.
People who say you're just as old as you feel are all wrong, fortunately.
People who work sitting down get paid more than people who work standing up.
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first.
Perfect as the wing of a bird may be, it will never enable the bird to fly if unsupported by the air. Facts are the air of science. Without them a man of science can never rise.
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Perhaps better we not obscure the idea that happiness and misery, kindness and greed, and good works and bad deeds are within the capacities of us all, not merely a select few.
Perhaps I am a bear, or some hibernating animal underneath, for the instinct to be half asleep all winter is so strong in me.
Perhaps in time the so-called Dark Ages will be thought of as including our own.
Perhaps the feelings that we experience when we are in love represent a normal state. Being in love shows a person who he should be.
Perhaps the most important use of money - It saves time. Life is so short, and there's so much to do, one can't afford to waste a minute; and just think how much you waste, for instance, in walking from place to place instead of going by bus and in going by bus instead of by taxi.
Perhaps too much of everything is as bad as too little.
Perpetual devotion to what a man calls his business, is only to be sustained by perpetual neglect of many other things.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
Perseverance does not equal worthiness.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Personal happiness lies in knowing that life is not a checklist of acquisition or achievement. Your qualifications are not your life.
Personally I'm always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught.
Person to person, moment to moment, as we love, we change the world.
Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language.
Photographers do this for a living, every single day -- they point their lenses toward every single corner of our world and somehow make the mundane mesmerizing through their artistic eye. It's all a matter of being aware of your surroundings and realizing that there are some really amazing and interesting things to look at, even if it may just be something so simple as a wall being covered up by paint.
Physicists like to think that all you have to do is say, these are the conditions, now what happens next?
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work.
Platitude: an idea (a) that is admitted to be true by everyone, and (b) that is not true.
Play by the rules, but be ferocious.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Poetry often enters through the window of irrelevance.
Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.
Politeness and consideration for others is like investing pennies and getting dollars back.
Politeness, n. The most acceptable hypocrisy.
Political advertising ought to be stopped. It's the only really dishonest kind of advertising that's left.
Politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories.
Politics has never been for the thin-skinned or the faint of heart, and if you enter the arena , you should expect to get roughed up. Moreover, Democracy in a nation of more than 300 million people is inherently difficult.
Politics is applesauce.
Politics is made up largely of irrelevancies.
Politics is not a bad profession. If you succeed there are many rewards, if you disgrace yourself you can always write a book.
Politics is not the art of the possible. It consists in choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it whether it exists or not, diagnosing it incorrectly, and applying the wrong remedy.
Politics is the skilled use of blunt objects.
Politics, n. Strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
Poor is the man whose pleasures depend on the permission of another.
Poverty cannot deprive us of many consolations. It cannot rob us of the affection we have for each other, or degrade us in our own opinion, of in that of any person, whose opinion we ought to value.
Power corrupts. Absolute power is kind of neat.
Power never takes a back step - only in the face of more power.
Praise youth and it will prosper.
Pray as if everything depended upon God and work as if everything depended upon man.
Preach not to others what they should eat, but eat as becomes you, and be silent.
Prefer loss to the wealth of dishonest gain; the former vexes you for a time; the latter will bring you lasting remorse.
Preserving health by too severe a rule is a worrisome malady.
Pretending is not just play. Pretending is imagined possibility. Pretending, or acting, is a very valuable life skill and we do it all the time.
Privacy and security are those things you give up when you show the world what makes you extraordinary.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Progress is the product of human agency. Things get better because we make them better. Things go wrong when we get too comfortable, when we fail to take risks or seize opportunities.
Progress might have been all right once, but it has gone on too long.
Promises that you make to yourself are often like the Japanese plum tree - they bear no fruit.
Properly, we should read for power. Man reading should be man intensely alive. The book should be a ball of light in one's hand.
Propriety was a rigid master, but one that must be obeyed if one wanted to keep a sterling reputation.
Prosperity is only an instrument to be used, not a deity to be worshipped.
Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents' shortcomings.
Public speaking is the art of diluting a two-minute idea with a two-hour vocabulary.
Punctuality is the virtue of the bored.
Purchase not friends by gifts; when thou ceasest to give, such will cease to love.
Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
Put duties aside at least an hour before bed and perform soothing, quiet activities that will help you relax.
Put more trust in nobility of character than in an oath.
Put yourself on view. This brings your talents to light.
Quarrel not at all. No man resolved to make the most of himself can spare time for personal contention.
Question how much freedom your path affords you. Be utterly ruthless about it. It's your freedom that will get you to where you want to go.
Quit now, you'll never make it. If you disregard this advice, you'll be halfway there.
Quotation, n: The act of repeating erroneously the words of another.
Raise your sail one foot and you get ten feet of wind.
Rational arguments don't usually work on religious people. Otherwise, there wouldn't be religious people.
Read at least one book a month. This is self-serving, obviously. It's a proven fact that people who read buy more books than people who don't read. In truth, I wish you'd read ten books a month, or at least buy that many.
Readers are plentiful; thinkers are rare.
Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Reading made Don Quixote a gentleman. Believing what he read made him mad.
Reading maketh a full man, conference a ready man, and writing an exact man.
Reading well is one of the great pleasures that solitude can afford you.
Real freedom lies in wildness, not in civilization.
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not.
Realism...has no more to do with reality than anything else.
Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.
Reality is the leading cause of stress amongst those in touch with it.
Realize that true happiness lies within you. Waste no time and effort searching for peace and contentment and joy in the world outside. Remember that there is no happiness in having or in getting, but only in giving. Reach out. Share. Smile. Hug. Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
Really listening and suspending one's own judgment is necessary in order to understand other people on their own terms... This is a process that requires trust and builds trust.
Real strength is not just a condition of one's muscle, but a tenderness in one's spirit.
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
Reason should direct and appetite obey.
Red meat is NOT bad for you. Now blue-green meat, THAT'S bad for you!
Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
Refuse to be ill. Never tell people you are ill; never own it to yourself. Illness is one of those things which a man should resist on principle.
Regard your good name as the richest jewel you can possibly be possessed of - for credit is like fire; when once you have kindled it you may easily preserve it, but if you once extinguish it, you will find it an arduous task to rekindle it again. The way to gain a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear.
Regimen is superior to medicine.
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time.
Remember, no matter where you go, there you are.
Remember that as a teenager you are at the last stage of your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.
Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism. Confronting your fears and allowing yourself the right to be human can, paradoxically, make you a far happier and more productive person.
Remember that happiness is a way of travel - not a destination.
Remember, that if thou marry for beauty, thou bindest thyself all thy life for that which perchance will neither last nor please thee one year; and when thou hast it, it will be to thee of no price at all; for the desire dieth when it is attained, and the affection perisheth when it is satisfied.
Remember that there is nothing stable in human affairs; therefore avoid undue elation in prosperity, or undue depression in adversity.
Remember that what you believe will depend very much on what you are.
Remember when life's path is steep to keep your mind even.
Reminds me of my safari in Africa. Somebody forgot the corkscrew and for several days we had to live on nothing but food and water.
Reprove thy friend privately; commend him publicly.
Reputation is what other people know about you. Honor is what you know about yourself.
Resentment is anger directed at others--at what they did or did not do.
Resistance is never the agent of change. You have to embrace the actions that are going to get you closer to your goal.
Resolve to be thyself: and know, that he who finds himself, loses his misery.
Resolve to edge in a little reading every day, if it is but a single sentence. If you gain fifteen minutes a day, it will make itself felt at the end of the year.
Respect a man, he will do the more.
Rest is the sweet sauce of labor.
Retirement at sixty-five is ridiculous. When I was sixty-five I still had pimples.
Returning violence for violence multiplies violence, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars... Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
Reveal not every secret you have to a friend, for how can you tell but that friend may hereafter become an enemy. And bring not all mischief you are able to upon an enemy, for he may one day become your friend.
Riches may enable us to confer favours, but to confer them with propriety and grace requires a something that riches cannot give.
Rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind.
Rogues are preferable to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest.
Rudeness is the weak man's imitation of strength.
Ruminating about the past is like trying to drive backward to undo a car accident.
Rumor travels faster, but it don't stay put as long as truth.
Running cross country is the closest man will ever get to flying.
Sane and intelligent human beings are like all other human beings, and carefully and cautiously and diligently conceal their private real opinions from the world and give out fictitious ones in their stead for general consumption.
Save a little money each month and at the end of the year you'll be surprised at how little you have.
Say all you have to say in the fewest possible words, or your reader will be sure to skip them; and in the plainest possible words or he will certainly misunderstand them.
Saying goodbye doesn't mean anything. It's the time we spent together that matters, not how we left it.
Saying what we think gives us a wider conversational range than saying what we know.
Say little, and love much; give all; judge no man; aspire to all that is pure and good.
Say not, 'I have found the truth,' but rather, 'I have found a truth.'
Scandal is gossip made tedious by morality.
Science has proof without any certainty. Creationists have certainty without any proof.
Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science.
Science is nothing but developed perception, interpreted intent, common sense rounded out and minutely articulated.
Science is nothing but trained and organized common sense, differing from the latter only as a veteran may differ from a raw recruit: and its methods differ from those of common sense only as far as the guardsman's cut and thrust differ from the manner in which a savage wields his club.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
Science may have found a cure for most evils; but it has found no remedy for the worst of them all - the apathy of human beings.
Science may set limits to knowledge, but should not set limits to imagination.
Search others for their virtues, thyself for thy vices.
Seeing a murder on television... can help work off one's antagonisms. And if you haven't any antagonisms, the commercials will give you some.
Seek not, my soul, the life of the immortals; but enjoy to the full the resources that are within thy reach.
Seek ye first the good things of the mind, and the rest will either be supplied or its loss will not be felt.
See, that's all you're thinking about, is winning. You're confirming your sense of self- worth through outward reward instead of through inner appreciation.
See what will happen if you don't stop biting your fingernails?
Seize the moment of excited curiosity on any subject to solve your doubts; for if you let it pass, the desire may never return, and you may remain in ignorance.
Self-development is a higher duty than self-sacrifice.
Self-esteem is the reputation we acquire with ourselves.
Self-importance is our greatest enemy. Think about it - what weakens us is feeling offended by the deeds and misdeeds of our fellowmen. Our self-importance requires that we spend most of our lives offended by someone.
Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.
Self-respect is the fruit of discipline; the sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself.
Sentimentality is the emotional promiscuity of those who have no sentiment.
September tries its best to have us forget summer.
Seriousness is the only refuge of the shallow.
Set all things in their own peculiar place, and know that order is the greatest grace.
Set up as an ideal the facing of reality as honestly and as cheerfully as possible.
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect.
Shared laughter creates a bond of friendships. When people laugh together, they cease to be young and old, teacher and pupils, worker and boss. They become a single group of human beings.
Sharing food with another human being is an intimate act that should not be indulged in lightly.
She did not talk to people as if they were strange hard shells she had to crack open to get inside. She talked as if she were already in the shell. In their very shell.
She felt that she could so much more depend upon the sincerity of those who sometimes looked or said a careless or a hasty thing, than of those whose presence of mind never varied, whose tongue never slipped.
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon.
She had an unequalled gift... of squeezing big mistakes into small opportunities.
She had a pretty gift for quotation, which is a serviceable substitute for wit.
She is a friend of my mind... The pieces I am, she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order.
She knows what is the best purpose of education: not to be frightened by the best but to treat it as part of daily life.
She makes me love her and I like people who make me love them. It saves me so much trouble in making myself love them.
She runs the gamut of emotions from A to B.
She wanted something to happen - something, anything: she did not know what.
She was conscious that the things she did were the things she had always wanted to do.
Shut out all of your past except that which will help you weather your tomorrows.
Silence is a text easy to misread.
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone.
Silly things do cease to be silly if they are done by sensible people in an impudent way.
Simplicity is the peak of civilization.
Sin bravely...We will never have all the facts to make a perfect judgement, but with the aid of basic experience we must leap bravely into the future.
Since we cannot know all that there is to be known about anything, we ought to know a little about everything.
Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion... or you shall learn nothing.
Sitting at the table doesn't make you a diner, unless you eat some of what's on that plate. Being here in America doesn't make you an American. Being born here in America doesn't make you an American.
Skepticism, like chastity, should not be relinquished too readily.
Skiing combines outdoor fun with knocking down trees with your face.
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art.
[Sleep is] the golden chain that ties health and our bodies together.
Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast - you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
Soar, eat ether, see what has never been seen; depart, be lost, but climb.
Society, my dear, is like salt water, good to swim in but hard to swallow.
So divinely is the world organized that every one of us, in our place and time, is in balance with everything else.
So long as we live among men, let us cherish humanity.
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some hire public relations officers.
Some are kissing mothers and some are scolding mothers, but it is love just the same.
Somebody has to do something, and it's just incredibly pathetic that it has to be us.
Somebody once asked me if I have anything like faith, and I said I have faith in the narrative. I have a belief in a narrative that is bigger than me, that is alive and I trust will work itself out.
Somebody once said that beauty is the passport to success, but it's not a passport. It's a visa and it expires.
Somebody should tell us, right at the start of our lives, that we are dying. Then we might live life to the limit, every minute of every day. Do it! I say. Whatever you want to do, do it now!
Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested: that is, some books are to be read only in parts, others to be read, but not curiously, and some few to be read wholly, and with diligence and attention.
Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in the milk.
Some cupid kills with arrows, some with traps.
Someday I want to be rich. Some people get so rich they lose all respect for humanity. That's how rich I want to be.
Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers.
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
Some men just aren't cut out for paternity. Better they should realize it before and not after they become responsible for a son.
Some of the most devastating things that happen to you will teach you the most.
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.
Someone's boring me. I think it's me.
Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple.
Some people have so much respect for their superiors they have none left for themselves.
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.
Some prices are just too high, no matter how much you may want the prize. The one thing you can't trade for your heart's desire is your heart.
Some relationships start with fights... But, usually only in romantic comedies. Life's not the movies.
Some things you do because you want to. Some things you do because of the needs of others in your family.
Sometimes a good exit is all you can ask for.
Sometimes, if you stand on the bottom rail of a bridge and lean over to watch the river slipping slowly away beneath you, you will suddenly know everything there is to be known.
Sometimes I get the feeling the whole world is against me, but deep down I know that's not true. Some smaller countries are neutral.
Sometimes it is harder to deprive oneself of a pain than of a pleasure.
Sometimes it seems like God is difficult to find and impossibly far away. We get so caught up in our small daily duties and irritations that they become the only things that we can focus on. What we forget is that God's love and beauty are all around us, every day, if only we would take the time to look up and see them.
Sometimes it's good to contrast what you like with something else. It makes you appreciate it even more.
Sometimes life is going to hit you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.
Sometimes old things need to go away. That way, we have room for the new things that come into our lives.
Sometimes people are layered like that. There's something totally different underneath than what's on the surface. But sometimes, there's a third, even deeper level, and that one is the same as the top surface one. Like with pie.
Sometimes people carry to such perfection the mask they have assumed that in due course they actually become the person they seem.
Sometimes the appropriate response to reality is to go insane.
Sometimes the clearest mirrors come from those who are outside looking in.
Sometimes the lies you tell are less frightening than the loneliness you might feel if you stopped telling them.
Sometimes the measure of friendship isn't your ability to not harm but your capacity to forgive the things done to you and ask forgiveness for your own mistakes.
Sometimes the mind, for reasons we don't necessarily understand, just decides to go to the store for a quart of milk.
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
Sometimes we do a thing in order to find out the reason for it. Sometimes our actions are questions not answers.
Sometimes ya gotta do stuff 'cause it's expected of ya, not 'cause of anything else.
Sometimes you can't see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others.
Sometime they'll give a war and nobody will come.
Some tips for life: 1.Don't be afraid to follow your dreams, unless your dreams are stupid. 2.Be kind to people. 3.Don't get too excited when you read the Fountainhead 4.In times of recession, it is time for invention. 5.Things can kill you, so keep that in mind, you fearless know it alls.
Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a woman giving birth to a child. She must be found and stopped.
So much is a man worth as he esteems himself.
Son, always tell the truth. Then you'll never have to remember what you said the last time.
Sooner or later we all quote our mothers.
Sow good services; sweet remembrances will grow them.
Space isn't remote at all. It's only an hour's drive away if your car could go straight upwards.
Spare no expense to save money on this one.
Speak clearly, if you speak at all; carve every word before you let it fall.
Speak properly, and in as few words as you can, but always plainly; for the end of speech is not ostentation, but to be understood.
[Spring is] a true reconstructionist.
[Spring is] when life's alive in everything.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
Statistician: A man who believes figures don't lie, but admits that under analysis some of them won't stand up either.
Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
Stoop and you'll be stepped on; stand tall and you'll be shot at.
Strange as it seems, no amount of learning can cure stupidity, and higher education positively fortifies it.
Stress is an ignorant state. It believes that everything is an emergency. Nothing is that important.
Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes.
Students achieving Oneness will move on to Twoness.
Study without desire spoils the memory, and it retains nothing that it takes in.
Stuffed deer heads on walls are bad enough, but it's worse when they are wearing dark glasses and have streamers in their antlers because then you know they were enjoying themselves at a party when they were shot.
Style is knowing who you are, what you want to say and not giving a damn.
Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature.
Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees, then names the streets after them.
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
Success is counted sweetest by those who ne'er succeed.
Success is following the pattern of life one enjoys most.
Success is meaningless if you can't sleep at night because of harsh things said, petty secrets sharpened against hard and stony regret, just waiting to be plunged into the soft underbelly of a 'friendship.'
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Success is relative. It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things.
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome.
Suppose you were an idiot and suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.
Surely there comes a time when counting the cost and paying the price aren't things to think about any more. All that matters is value - the ultimate value of what one does.
Sure there are dishonest men in local government. But there are dishonest men in national government too.
Take a music bath once or twice a week for a few seasons, and you will find that it is to the soul what the water bath is to the body.
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
Take everything you like seriously, except yourselves.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
Take the diplomacy out of war and the thing would fall flat in a week.
Take your life in your own hands and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame.
Talent is nothing but a prolonged period of attention and shortened period of mental assimilation.
Tears may be dried up, but the heart - never.
Technical term is narcissism. You can't believe everything is your fault unless you also believe you're all powerful.
Technology adds nothing to art. Two thousand years ago, I could tell you a story, and at any point during the story I could stop, and ask, Now do you want the hero to be kidnapped, or not? But that would, of course, have ruined the story. Part of the experience of being entertained is sitting back and plugging into someone else's vision.
Technology is dominated by two types of people: those who understand what they do not manage, and those who manage what they do not understand.
Television enables you to be entertained in your home by people you wouldn't have in your home.
Television is more interesting than people. If it were not, we would have people standing in the corners of our rooms.
[Television is] the triumph of machine over people.
Television news is like a lightning flash. It makes a loud noise, lights up everything around it, leaves everything else in darkness and then is suddenly gone.
Thankfully, beauty is easier to remove than apply, and a swipe of demaquillage in the right direction and you are you once again.
Thanks to TV and for the convenience of TV, you can only be one of two kinds of human beings, either a liberal or a conservative.
That all men are equal is a proposition which, at ordinary times, no sane individual has ever given his assent.
That best portion of a good man's life,  His little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.
That consciousness is everything and that all things begin with a thought. That we are responsible for our own fate, we reap what we sow, we get what we give, we pull in what we put out. I know these things for sure.
That is not what Geek means to me. We are more than the hobbies that we do or the things that we like. To me, Geek means an outsider, a rebel, a dreamer, a creator, a fighter. It's a person who dares to love something that isn't conventional.
That is the American story. People, just like you, following their passions, determined to meet the times on their own terms. They weren't doing it for the money. Their titles weren't fancy. But they changed the course of history and so can you.
That man is the richest whose pleasures are the cheapest.
That's just the way things go. We meet people, get to know them and then they get up and leave us behind.
That's the funny thing about havin' a kid. They come with their own set of problems; make everything else you were worried about seem kinda silly.
That's the great thing about being in the third grade. If you've got one polysyllabic adjective, everyone thinks you're a genius.
That's the key to having it all: stop expecting it to look like what you thought it was going to look like.
That's the secret of entertaining. You make your guests feel welcome and at home. If you do that honestly, the rest takes care of itself.
That's the secret to life... replace one worry with another....
That's the thing about being a former fat camp champ: when asked if I'd change my past if I could, I always answer no. The pain of being an overweight kid, the humiliation, make you think twice before ever cutting anyone else down.
That's the way things come clear. All of a sudden. And then you realize how obvious they've been all along.
That's what college is for - getting as many bad decisions as possible out of the way before you're forced into the real world. I keep a checklist of 'em on the wall in my room.
That's what I consider true generosity. You give your all, and yet you always feel as if it costs you nothing.
That was the worst part about having cancer, sometimes: The physical evidence of disease separates you from other people.
That which has always been accepted by everyone, everywhere, is almost certain to be false.
That would be a good thing for them to cut on my tombstone: Wherever she went, including here, it was against her better judgment.
That you may retain your self-respect, it is better to displease the people by doing what you know is right, than to temporarily please them by doing what you know is wrong.
The ability to delude yourself may be an important survival tool.
The ability to see beauty is the beginning of our moral sensibility. What we believe is beautiful we will not wantonly destroy.
The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.
The absence of alternatives clears the mind marvelously.
The advantage of a classical education is that it enables you to despise the wealth that it prevents you from achieving.
The advice of friends must be received with a judicious reserve; we must not give ourselves up to it and follow it blindly, whether right or wrong.
The aging process has you firmly in its grasp if you never get the urge to throw a snowball.
The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.
The ancestor of every action is a thought.
The animals of the planet are in desperate peril... Without free animal life I believe we will lose the spiritual equivalent of oxygen.
The architect should strive continually to simplify; the ensemble of the rooms should then be carefully considered that comfort and utility may go hand in hand with beauty.
The Argument from Intimidation is a confession of intellectual impotence.
The Army has carried the American ... ideal to its logical conclusion. Not only do they prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, creed and color, but also on ability.
The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape...
The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity.
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.
The art of dining well is no slight art, the pleasure not a slight pleasure.
The art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surroundings.
The art of living easily as to money is to pitch your scale of living one degree below your means.
The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
The art of war is simple enough. Find out where your enemy is. Get at him as soon as you can. Strike him as hard as you can, and keep moving on.
The arts must be considered an essential element of education... They are tools for living life reflectively, joyfully and with the ability to shape the future.
The author of the Iliad is either Homer or, if not Homer, somebody else of the same name.
The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just plain terrible.
The average man, who does not know what to do with his life, wants another one which will last forever.
The average Ph.D. thesis is nothing but a transference of bones from one graveyard to another.
The bars of West Hollywood and New York are awash with people throwing their lives away in the desperate hope of finding a shortcut, any shortcut. And a lot of them aren't even young anymore; their B-plans having been washed away by Vodka & Tonics years ago. Meanwhile their competition is at home, working their asses off.
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary; men alone are quite capable of every wickedness.
The best and safest thing is to keep a balance in your life, acknowledge the great powers around us and in us. If you can do that, and live that way, you are really a wise man.
The best armor is to keep out of range.
The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it.
The best defence against misguided arrogance is a keen sense of humour.
The best effect of fine persons is felt after we have left their presence.
The best mirror is an old friend.
The best time to plant an oak tree was twenty-five years ago. The second best time is today.
The best way is not to fight it, just go. Don't be trying all the time to fix things. What you run from only stays with you longer. When you fight something, you only make it stronger.
The best way out is always through.
The best way to become acquainted with a subject is to write a book about it.
The best way to compile inaccurate information that no one wants is to make it up.
The best way to get approval is not to need it.
The best way to keep one's word is not to give it.
The best way to live is by not knowing what will happen to you at the end of the day...
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
The best way to try to motivate somebody is by being direct with them. To be honest with them. Lies are never the right way to get your message across.
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own.You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You don't blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the President. You realize that you control your own destiny.
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
The biggest thing [Frida] brought into my life was this peacefulness. I still get passionate about things, but my passion is not so scattered and it's not needy. It's a lot more powerful because it comes with this groundedness and peacefulness. That it's about the process, not about the results.
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work.
The big thieves hang the little ones.
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone.
The body is a sacred garment.
The body says what words cannot.
The bow cannot always stand bent, nor can human frailty subsist without some lawful recreation.
The brain is a wonderful organ. It starts working the moment you get up in the morning and does not stop until you get into the office.
The business of America is not business. Neither is it war. The business of america is justice and securing the blessings of liberty.
The camera doesn't make a bit of difference. All of them can record what you are seeing. But, you have to SEE.
The camera makes everyone a tourist in other people's reality, and eventually in one's own.
The camera's only job is to get out of the way of making photographs.
The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater than that of any other animal.
The case has, in some respects, been not entirely devoid of interest.
The cat could very well be man's best friend but would never stoop to admitting it.
The charity that hastens to proclaim its good deeds, ceases to be charity, and is only pride and ostentation.
The chief obstacle to the progress of the human race is the human race.
The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger - but recognize the opportunity.
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
The cloning of humans is on most of the lists of things to worry about from Science, along with behaviour control, genetic engineering, transplanted heads, computer poetry and the unrestrained growth of plastic flowers.
The conception of two people living together for twenty-five years without having a cross word suggests a lack of spirit only to be admired in sheep.
The conventional view serves to protect us from the painful job of thinking.
The cost of a thing is the amount of what I call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.
The covers of this book are too far apart.
The creator of the universe works in mysterious ways. But he uses a base ten counting system and likes round numbers.
The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
The crux... is that the vast majority of the mass of the universe seems to be missing.
The cure for anything is salt water... tears, sweat or the sea.
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
The cure for writer's cramp is writer's block.
The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern. Every class is unfit to govern.
The dead might as well try to speak to the living as the old to the young.
The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older people, and greatly assists in the circulation of their blood.
The desire to take medicine is perhaps the greatest feature which distinguishes man from animals.
The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a dictatorship you don't have to waste your time voting.
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug.
The direct use of force is such a poor solution to any problem, it is generally employed only by small children and large nations.
The easiest thing in the world to be is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be. Don't let them put you in that position.
The effort to understand the universe is one of the very few things that lifts human life a little above the level of farce, and gives it some of the grace of tragedy.
The end result of kindness is that it draws people to you.
The English language was carefully, carefully cobbled together by three blind dudes and a German dictionary.
The evil of the world is made possible by nothing but the sanction you give it.
The face is not a secondary billboard for our internal feelings. It is an equal partner in the emotional process.
The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one.
The fact that a great many people believe something is no guarantee of its truth.
The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence whatever that it is not utterly absurd; indeed in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind, a widespread belief is more likely to be foolish than sensible.
The family is changing not disappearing. We have to broaden our understanding of it, look for the new metaphors.
The fascination of shooting as a sport depends almost wholly on whether you are at the right or wrong end of the gun.
The first and great commandment is: Don't let them scare you.
The first duty of a leader is to make himself be loved without courting love. To be loved without 'playing up' to anyone - even to himself.
The first duty of love is to listen.
The first question I ask myself when something doesn't seem to be beautiful is why do I think it's not beautiful. And very shortly you discover that there is no reason.
The first rule of business, is never sell something you love. Otherwise, you may as well be selling your children.
The first rule of life is to reveal nothing, to be exceptionally cautious in what you say, in whatever company you may find yourself. If you have a secret, you have only to whisper it to your dearest friend with the strictest injunction that it will go no further, and within half a day the story is all over town, and when you do make what would seem to be a perfectly sensible remark, you will find it reported in the most grotesque form, thus incurring no end of criticism to rebound upon you.
The follies which a man regrets most, in his life, are those which he didn't commit when he had the opportunity.
The folly of mistaking a paradox for a discovery, a metaphor for a proof, a torrent of verbiage for a spring of capital truths, and oneself for an oracle, is inborn in us.
The freedom of all is essential to my freedom.
The free expression of the hopes and aspirations of a people is the greatest and only safety in a sane society.
The freethinking of one age is the common sense of the next.
The function of science fiction is not always to predict the future but sometimes to prevent it.
The future is much like the present, only longer.
The future is uncertain... but this uncertainty is at the very heart of human creativity.
The future will be better tomorrow.
The game of life is the game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later, with astounding accuracy.
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
The gods too are fond of a joke.
The golden moments in the stream of life rush past us and we see nothing but sand; the angels come to visit us, and we only know them when they are gone.
The good life, as I conceive it, is a happy life. I do not mean that if you are good you will be happy - I mean that if you are happy you will be good.
The good neighbor looks beyond the external accidents and discerns those inner qualities that make all men human and, therefore, brothers.
The good or ill of a man lies within his own will.
The grass is always greener once you don't have to mow a lawn anymore.
The grass is not, in fact, always greener on the other side of the fence. Fences have nothing to do with it. The grass is greenest where it is watered. When crossing over fences, carry water with you and tend the grass wherever you may be.
The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.
The great art of giving consists in this: the gift should cost very little and yet be greatly coveted, so that it may be the more highly appreciated.
The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution.
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
The greatest mistake is trying to be more agreeable than you can be.
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge.
The greatest of faults, I should say, is to be conscious of none.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
The great French Marshall Lyautey once asked his gardener to plant a tree. The gardener objected that the tree was slow growing and would not reach maturity for 100 years. The Marshall replied, 'In that case, there is no time to lose; plant it this afternoon!'
The great god Ra whose shrine once covered acres  Is filler now for crossword-puzzle makers.
The great secret of power is never to will to do more than you can accomplish.
The great thing about a computer notebook is that no matter how much you stuff into it, it doesn't get bigger or heavier.
The great thing about getting older is that you don't lose all the other ages you've been.
The great thing about television is that if something important happens anywhere in the world, day or night, you can always change the channel.
The great thing in this world is not so much where you stand, as in what direction you are moving.
The great tragedy of Science - the slaying of a beautiful hypothesis by an ugly fact.
The guy who takes a chance, who walks the line between the known and unknown, who is unafraid of failure, will succeed.
The habit of giving only enhances the desire to give.
The happiest excitement in life is to be convinced that one is fighting for all one is worth on behalf of some clearly seen and deeply felt good.
The happiest is the person who suffers the least pain; the most miserable who enjoys the least pleasure.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts, therefore guard accordingly; and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue, and reasonable nature.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
The hardest thing when you think about focusing. You think focusing is about saying "Yes." No. Focusing is about saying "No." And when you say "No," you piss off people.
The hatred you're carrying is a live coal in your heart - far more damaging to yourself than to them.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
The height of cleverness is to be able to conceal it.
The here and now is all we have, and if we play it right it's all we'll need.
The higher the buildings, the lower the morals.
The highest courage is to dare to appear to be what one is.
The highest possible stage in moral culture is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
The highest proof of virtue is to possess boundless power without abusing it.
The highest result of education is tolerance.
The human brain is unique in that it is the only container of which it can be said that the more you put into it, the more it will hold.
The human heart cannot love the whole world. And if you try to put the whole world into your heart, you will eventually lose touch with your own humanity.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
The human race is faced with a cruel choice: work or daytime television.
The idea of all-out nuclear war is unsettling.
The idea of a mass audience was really an invention of the Industrial Revolution.
The idea of an election is much more interesting to me than the election itself...The act of voting is in itself the defining moment.
The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer.
The important message I heard about working out and what I want to share is that you create your own opportunities and your own limitations.
The important thing in science is not so much to obtain new facts as to discover new ways of thinking about them.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
The important work of moving the world forward does not wait to be done by perfect men.
The incognito of lower class employment is an effective cloak for any dagger one might wish to hide.
The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses.
The intelligent man finds almost everything ridiculous, the sensible man hardly anything.
The intermediate stage between socialism and capitalism is alcoholism.
The Internet is like alcohol in some sense. It accentuates what you would do anyway. If you want to be a loner, you can be more alone. If you want to connect, it makes it easier to connect.
The joy of a spirit is the measure of its power.
The keenest sorrow is to recognize ourselves as the sole cause of all our adversities.
The key to being a good manager is keeping the people who hate me away from those who are still undecided.
The key to realizing a dream is to focus not on success but significance - and then even the small steps and little victories along your path will take on greater meaning.
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
The law is not so much carved in stone as it is written in water, flowing in and out with the tide.
The least I can do is speak out for those who cannot speak for themselves.
The least of learning is done in the classrooms.
The lessons this life has planted in my heart pertain more to caring than crops, more to Golden Rule than gold, more to the proper choice than to the popular choice.
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep.
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books.
The love of liberty is the love of others; the love of power is the love of ourselves.
The main dangers in this life are the people who want to change everything - or nothing.
The main things which seem to me important on their own account, and not merely as means to other things, are knowledge, art, instinctive happiness, and relations of friendship or affection.
The majority of people perform well in a crisis and when the spotlight is on them; it's on the Sunday afternoons of this life, when the nobody is looking, that the spirit falters.
The male is a domestic animal which, if treated with firmness, can be trained to do most things.
The man who doesn't read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them.
The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others.
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.
The man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers.
The man who says he is willing to meet you halfway is usually a poor judge of distance.
The man who writes about himself and his own time is the only man who writes about all people and all time.
The married are those who have taken the terrible risk of intimacy and, having taken it, know life without intimacy to be impossible.
The marvel of all history is the patience with which men and women submit to burdens unnecessarily laid upon them by their governments.
The meal is not over when I'm full. The meal is over when I hate myself.
The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.
The men the American public admire most extravagantly are the most daring liars; the men they detest most violently are those who try to tell them the truth.
The middle of the road is where the white line is-and that's the worst place to drive.
The mind's first step to self-awareness must be through the body.
The minute one utters a certainty, the opposite comes to mind.
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
The modern rule is that every woman should be her own chaperon.
The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.
The moment a man stops dreaming is the moment he petrifies inside...
The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls.
The moment we choose to love we begin to move towards freedom...
The moral virtues, then, are produced in us neither by nature nor against nature. Nature, indeed, prepares in us the ground for their reception, but their complete formation is the product of habit.
The more freedom we enjoy, the greater the responsibility we bear, toward others as well as ourselves.
The more I know about business, the more I'm convinced that it is conducted in homes and churches far more than in office buildings.
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work.
The more original a discovery, the more obvious it seems afterwards.
The more severe the pain or illness, the more severe will be the necessary changes. These may involve breaking bad habits, or acquiring some new and better ones.
The more you find out about the world, the more opportunities there are to laugh at it.
The most beautiful adventures are not those we go to seek.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science.
The most boring thing in the entire world is nudity. The second most boring thing is honesty.
The most dangerous strategy is to jump a chasm in two leaps.
The most decisive actions of our life - I mean those that are most likely to decide the whole course of our future - are, more often than not, unconsidered.
The most difficult part of writing a book is not devising a plot which will captivate the reader. It's not developing characters the reader will have strong feelings for or against. It is not finding a setting which will take the reader to a place he or she as never been. It is not the research, whether in fiction or non-fiction. The most difficult task facing a writer is to find the voice in which to tell the story.
The most erroneous stories are those we think we know best - and therefore never scrutinize or question.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny ...'
The most important scientific revolutions all include, as their only common feature, the dethronement of human arrogance from one pedestal after another of previous convictions about our centrality in the cosmos.
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.
The most important thing is to be whatever you are without shame.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.
The most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree, is by accident. That's where we come in; we're computer professionals. We cause accidents.
The most overlooked advantage to owning a computer is that if they foul up there's no law against wacking them around a little.
The most powerful factors in the world are clear ideas in the minds of energetic men of good will.
The most radical revolutionary will become a conservative the day after the revolution.
The most savage controversies are those about matters as to which there is no good evidence either way.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself.
The multitude of books is making us ignorant.
The murals in restaurants are on par with the food in museums.
The mystery of government is not how Washington works but how to make it stop.
The nation behaves well if it treats the natural resources as assets which it must turn over to the next generation increased, and not impaired, in value.
The need of man to wholly realize himself is the only fixed star.
Then give to the world the best you have. And the best will come back to you.
The nice part about being a pessimist is that you are constantly being either proven right or pleasantly surprised.
The nice thing about being a celebrity is that when you bore people, they think it's their fault.
The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people.
The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.
The nine most terrifying words in the English language are, 'I'm from the government and I'm here to help.'
The number of guests at dinner should not be less than the number of the Graces nor exceed that of the Muses, i.e., it should begin with three and stop at nine.
The older I get, the greater power I seem to have to help the world; I am like a snowball - the further I am rolled, the more I gain.
The older I get, the more I feel  almost beautiful...
The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes. Let the reader catch his own breath.
The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
The old ways are dead. And you need people around you who concur. That means hanging out more with the creative people, the freaks, the real visionaries, than you're already doing. Thinking more about what their needs are, and responding accordingly. Avoid the dullards; avoid the folk who play it safe. They can't help you any more. Their stability model no longer offers that much stability. They are extinct, they are extinction.
The one function TV news performs very well is that when there is no news we give it to you with the same emphasis as if there were.
The one thing more difficult than following a regimen is not imposing it on others.
The only comfort comes in thinking about how nice it was to know them, and how nice it was to brush against goodness for a season.
The only factor becoming scarce in a world of abundance is human attention.
The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.
The only good ideas are the ones I can take credit for.
The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance.
The only joy in the world is to begin.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
The only man who is really free is the one who can turn down an invitation to dinner without giving an excuse.
The only paradise is paradise lost.
The only real prison is fear, and the only real freedom is freedom from fear.
The only reason for being a professional writer is that you can't help it.
The only reason some people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
The only reason we die, is because we accept death as an inevitability.
The only road to good shows is bad ones. Just go start having a bad time, and if you don't give up, you will get better.
The only rules comedy can tolerate are those of taste, and the only limitations those of libel.
The only sure thing about luck is that it will change.
The only thing I was fit for was to be a writer, and this notion rested solely on my suspicion that I would never be fit for real work, and that writing didn't require any.
The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty; not knowing what comes next.
The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work.
The only thing that saves us from the bureaucracy is inefficiency. An efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty.
The only thing that's been a worse flop than the organization of non-violence has been the organization of violence.
The only thing that sustains one through life is the consciousness of the immense inferiority of everybody else, and this is a feeling that I have always cultivated.
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on. It is never any use to oneself.
The only thing worse than a man you can't control is a man you can.
The only thing wrong with immortality is that it tends to go on forever.
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose.
The only way most people recognize their limits is by trespassing on them.
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it.
The only way to be truly misogynistic is to be a woman.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it. Resist it, and your soul grows sick with longing for the things it has forbidden to itself.
The only way to last a really long time is to build something useful enough that people will want to keep it going after you die, and to cultivate a sense of ownership in other people. In short: make good shit and give it away as fast as you can.
The only way to make a man trustworthy is to trust him.
The only way you can sustain a permanent change is to create a new way of thinking, acting, and being.
The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
The opposite of the religious fanatic is not the fanatical atheist but the gentle cynic who cares not whether there is a god or not.
The ordinary acts we practice every day at home are of more importance to the soul than their simplicity might suggest.
The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.
The painting has a life of its own. I try to let it come through.
The palest ink is better than the best memory.
The past is not dead. In fact, it's not even past.
The past with its pleasures, its rewards, its foolishness, it punishments, is there for each of us forever, and it should be.
The path to our destination is not always a straight one. We go down the wrong road, we get lost, we turn back. Maybe it doesn't matter which road we embark on. Maybe what matters is that we embark.
The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence.
The perfect bureaucrat everywhere is the man who manages to make no decisions and escape all responsibility.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
The petty economies of the rich are just as amazing as the silly extravagances of the poor.
The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one, particularly if he plays golf.
The place where optimism most flourishes is the lunatic asylum.
The pleasure of love is in loving.
The poet judges not as a judge judges but as the sun falling around a helpless thing.
The point is that no matter what your feelings are, your children will be better off if you make them your central focus and work diligently at keeping the parenting relationship civil and cooperative.
The point of living and of being an optimist, is to be foolish enough to believe the best is yet to come.
The point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as not to seem worth stating, and to end with something so paradoxical that no one will believe it.
The point of quotations is that one can use another's words to be insulting.
The position of the artist is humble. He is essentially a channel.
The possession of unlimited power will make a despot of almost any man. There is a possible Nero in the gentlest human creature that walks.
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.
The power of hiding ourselves from one another is mercifully given, for men are wild beasts, and would devour one another but for this protection.
The power to bring me out of solitude - or to push me back into it - had never belonged to another person. It was mine and only mine.
The present is a rope stretched over the past. The secret to walking it is, you never look down.
The price of freedom of religion, or of speech, or of the press, is that we must put up with a good deal of rubbish.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
The price one pays for pursuing any profession or calling is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side.
The problem is never how to get new, innovative thoughts into your mind, but how to get old ones out. Every mind is a building filled with archaic furniture. Clean out a corner of your mind and creativity will instantly fill it.
The problem of power is how to achieve its responsible use rather than its irresponsible and indulgent use - of how to get men of power to live for the public rather than off the public.
The problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go to erase it.
The problem with the designated driver program, it's not a desirable job, but if you ever get sucked into doing it, have fun with it. At the end of the night, drop them off at the wrong house.
The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.
The quantity of civilization is measured by the quality of imagination.
The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it.
The radical of one century is the conservative of the next. The radical invents the views. When he has worn them out the conservative adopts them.
The real art of conversation is not only to say the right thing at the right place but to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.
The real distinction is between those who adapt their purposes to reality and those who seek to mold reality in the light of their purposes.
The real hero is always a hero by mistake; he dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else.
The really frightening thing about middle age is that you know you'll grow out of it.
The real power behind whatever success I have now was something I found within myself - something that's in all of us, I think, a little piece of God just waiting to be discovered.
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.
There are 10^11 stars in the galaxy. That used to be a huge number. But it's only a hundred billion. It's less than the national deficit! We used to call them astronomical numbers. Now we should call them economical numbers.
There are always survivors at a massacre. Among the victors, if nowhere else.
There are an awful lot of scientists today who believe that before very long we shall have unraveled all the secrets of the universe. There will be no puzzles anymore. To me it'd be really, really tragic because I think one of the most exciting things is this feeling of mystery, feeling of awe, the feeling of looking at a little live thing and being amazed by it and how its emerged through these hundreds of years of evolution and there it is and it is perfect and why.
There are a terrible lot of lies going around the world, and the worst of it is half of them are true.
There are days when solitude, for someone my age, is a heady wine that intoxicates you with freedom, others when it is a bitter tonic, and still others when it is a poison that makes you beat your head against the wall.
There are few nudities so objectionable as the naked truth.
There are lots of ways of being miserable, but there's only one way of being comfortable, and that is to stop running round after happiness. If you make up your mind not to be happy there's no reason why you shouldn't have a fairly good time.
There are many things that we would throw away if we were not afraid that others might pick them up.
There are more of them than us.
There are no secrets better kept than the secrets that everybody guesses.
There are no wise few. Every aristocracy that has ever existed has behaved, in all essential points, exactly like a small mob.
There are only two kinds of scholars; those who love ideas and those who hate them.
There are only two ways of telling the complete truth--anonymously and posthumously.
There are plenty of good five-cent cigars in the country. The trouble is they cost a quarter. What this country needs is a good five-cent nickel.
There are some men who lift the age they inhabit, till all men walk on higher ground in that lifetime.
There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other.
There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.
There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics.
There are times when parenthood seems nothing but feeding the mouth that bites you.
There are too many people, and too few human beings.
There are two kinds of light--the glow that illuminates, and the glare that obscures.
There are two kinds of men who never amount to much: those who cannot do what they are told and those who can do nothing else.
There are two kinds of people, those who finish what they start and so on.
There are two modes of establishing our reputation: to be praised by honest men, and to be abused by rogues. It is best, however, to secure the former, because it will invariably be accompanied by the latter.
There are two motives for reading a book: one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it.
There are two things that will be believed of any man whatsoever, and one of them is that he has taken to drink.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
There are two ways to slide easily through life; to believe everything or to doubt everything. Both ways save us from thinking.
There art two cardinal sins from which all others spring: Impatience and Laziness.
The reason grandparents and grandchildren get along so well is that they have a common enemy.
The reason lightning doesn't strike twice in the same place is that the same place isn't there the second time.
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.
The reason there are so few female politicians is that it is too much trouble to put makeup on two faces.
The reason there is so little crime in Germany is that it's against the law.
The reason we all like to think so well of others is that we are all afraid for ourselves. The basis of optimism is sheer terror.
The reason why so few good books are written is that so few people who can write know anything.
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.
There can be no spirituality, no sanctity, no truth without the female sex.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
There comes a time in every man's life and I've had many of them.
The refreshing pleasure from the first view of nature, after the pain of illness, and the confinement of a sick-chamber, is above the conceptions, as well as the descriptions, of those in health.
There is absolutely no inevitability as long as there is a willingness to contemplate what is happening.
There is a lot more to life than just struggling to make money.
There is always so much talk about the sins of the fathers, but it is the sins of the mothers that are the most difficult to avoid repeating.
There is an applause superior to that of the multitudes: one's own.
There is an evil tendency underlying all our technology - the tendency to do what is reasonable even when it isn't any good.
There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power.
There is a theory which states that if ever anybody discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
There is a tragic flaw in our precious Constitution, and I don't know what can be done to fix it. This is it: Only nut cases want to be president.
There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening, that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and will be lost.
There is but one temple in the universe and that is the body of man.
There is hardly any personal defect which an agreeable manner might not gradually reconcile one to.
There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
There is much pleasure to be gained from useless knowledge.
There is never enough time, unless you're serving it.
There is no abstract art. You must always start with something. Afterward you can remove all traces of reality.
There is nobody so irritating as somebody with less intelligence and more sense than we have.
There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval.
There is no doubt that the first requirement for a composer is to be dead.
There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion.
There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.
There is no fate that cannot be surmounted by scorn.
There is no glory in the tepid smiles of the thousands. It is better to have the uproarious laughter of the hundreds.
There is no good lighting that is healthy and for our well being without proper darkness.
There is no greater importance in all the world like knowing you are right and that the wave of the world is wrong, yet the wave crashes upon you.
There is no human problem which could not be solved if people would simply do as I advise.
There is no law of progress. Our future is in our own hands, to make or to mar. It will be an uphill fight to the end, and would we have it otherwise? Let no one suppose that evolution will ever exempt us from struggles. 'You forget,' said the Devil, with a chuckle, 'that I have been evolving too.'
There is no monument dedicated to the memory of a committee.
There is no moral precept that does not have something inconvenient about it.
There is no nonsense so arrant that it cannot be made the creed of the vast majority by adequate governmental action.
There is no passion like that of a functionary for his function.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it.
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home.
There is no reciprocity. Men love women, women love children, children love hamsters.
There is no remedy for love but to love more.
There is no safety in numbers, or in anything else.
There is no stigma attached to recognizing a bad decision in time to install a better one.
There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written or badly written.
There is no such thing as an underestimate of average intelligence.
There is... nothing greater than touching the shore after crossing some great body of water knowing that I've done it with my own two arms and legs.
There is nothing in which the birds differ more from man than the way in which they can build and yet leave a landscape as it was before.
There is nothing like dream to create the future. Utopia to-day, flesh and blood tomorrow.
There is nothing like the razor sharp tongue of a good friend to cut through the lies we tell ourselves.
There is nothing more demoralizing than a small but adequate income.
There is nothing more dreadful than imagination without taste.
There is nothing new under the sun but there are lots of old things we don't know.
There is nothing so absurd but some philosopher has said it.
There is nothing worse than aggressive stupidity.
There is no trade or employment but the young man following it may become a hero.
There is no use in loving things if you have to be torn from them, is there? And it's so hard to keep from loving things, isn't it?
There is no wisdom without love.
There is one piece of advice, in a life of study, which I think no one will object to; and that is, every now and then to be completely idle - to do nothing at all.
There is only one admirable form of the imagination: the imagination that is so intense that it creates a new reality, that it makes things happen.
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.
There is only one you... Don't you dare change just because you're outnumbered!
There is properly no history, only biography.
There is something fascinating about science. One gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
There is something that is much more scarce, something rarer than ability. It is the ability to recognize ability.
There is surely a piece of divinity in us, something that was before the elements, and owes no homage unto the sun.
There is this unwritten contract between author and reader and I think not ending your book kind of violates that contract.
There it was, hidden in alphabetical order.
The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one.
The remarkable thing about Shakespeare is that he really is very good, in spite of all the people who say he is very good.
There ought to be one day-- just one-- when there is open season on senators.
There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.
There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line.
There's always one who loves and one who lets himself be loved.
There's an evolutionary imperative why we give a crap about our family and friends. And there's an evolutionary imperative why we don't give a crap about anybody else. If we loved all people indiscriminately, we couldn't function.
There's folks 'ud stand on their heads and then say the fault was i' their boots.
There shall be eternal summer in the grateful heart.
There smites nothing so sharp, nor smelleth so sour as shame.
[T]here's no bad day that can't be overcome by listening to a barbershop quartet; this is just truth, plain and simple.
There's no business like show business, but there are several businesses like accounting.
There's no correlation between creativity and equipment ownership. None. Zilch. Nada. Actually, as the artist gets more into his thing, and as he gets more successful, his number of tools tends to go down. He knows what works for him. Expending mental energy on stuff wastes time.
There's no easy way out. If there were, I would have bought it. And believe me, it would be one of my favorite things!
There's no praise to beat the sort you can put in your pocket.
There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past.
There's no such thing as quitting. Just sometimes there's a longer pause between relapses.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again.
There's something amazing about the passion of youth and its power to sustain. If there's a more powerful energy source, I don't know about it.
There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
There's such a difference between saying a thing yourself and hearing other people say it. You may know a thing is so, but you can't help hoping other people don't quite think it is.
The reward for conformity was that everyone liked you except yourself.
There was an immeasurable distance between the quick and the dead: they did not seem to belong to the same species; and it was strange to think that but a little while before they had spoken and moved and eaten and laughed.
There was something awesome in the thought of the solitary mortal standing by the open window and summoning in from the gloom outside the spirits of the nether world.
There will be a time when loud-mouthed, incompetent people seem to be getting the best of you. When that happens, you only have to be patient and wait for them to self destruct. It never fails.
There will be little rubs and disappointments everywhere, and we are all apt to expect too much; but then, if one scheme of happiness fails, human nature turns to another; if the first calculation is wrong, we make a second better: we find comfort somewhere.
There will come a time, when all of us are dead. All of us. There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything.
The right things to do are those that keep our violence in abeyance; the wrong things are those that bring it to the fore.
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
The road to hell is paved with adverbs.
The roots of true achievement lie in the will to become the best that you can become.
The roses, the lovely notes, the dining and dancing are all welcome and splendid. But when the Godiva is gone, the gift of real love is having someone who'll go the distance with you. Someone who, when the wedding day limo breaks down, is willing to share a seat on the bus.
The sad truth is that excellence makes people nervous.
The safest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it in your pocket.
The scientific name for an animal that doesn't either run from or fight its enemies is lunch.
The scientific theory I like best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost airline luggage.
The second half of a man's life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half.
The secret of a good life is to have the right loyalties and hold them in the right scale of values.
The secret of all power is - save your force. If you want high pressure you must choke off waste.
The secret of being a bore is to tell everything.
The secret of eternal youth is arrested development.
The secret of greatness is simple: do better work than any other man in your field - and keep on doing it.
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word - excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
The secret of life is to appreciate the pleasure of being terribly, terribly deceived.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
The secret to success in life is known only to those who have not succeeded.
These days an income is something you can't live without--or within.
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
The shortest verse in the Bible is 'Jesus wept.' The only thing wrong with it is the past tense.
The significance of man is that he is insignificant and is aware of it.
The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level of thinking with which we created them.
The smaller the mind the greater the conceit.
The spirit in which a thing is given determines that in which the debt is acknowledged; it's the intention, not the face-value of the gift, that's weighed.
The spirit of resistance to government is so valuable on certain occasions, that I wish it always to be kept alive.
The spread of evil is the symptom of a vacuum. whenever evil wins, it is only by default: by the moral failure of those who evade the fact that there can be no compromise on basic principles.
The squeaking wheel doesn't always get the grease. Sometimes it gets replaced.
The stream is as good as at first; the little rubbish it collects in the turnings is easily moved away.
The strongest is never strong enough to be always the master, unless he transforms strength into right, and obedience into duty.
The strongest man in the world is he who stands alone.
The strongest man in the world is the man who stands alone.
The strongest possible piece of advice I would give any young woman is: Don't screw around, and don't smoke.
The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naive forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget.
The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive.
The sweat of hard work is not to be displayed. It is much more graceful to appear favored by the gods.
The sweet and the sour: this is what makes great art.
The talent should speak for itself.
[The television is] an invention that permits you to be entertained in your living room by people you wouldn't have in your home.
The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes.
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function.
The thing about chameleoning your way through life is that it gets to where nothing is real.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
The things we know best are the things we haven't been taught.
The things you own end up owning you.
The thing that impresses me the most about America is the way parents obey their children.
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.
The thing to remember is that that the future comes one day at a time.
The thing women have got to learn is that nobody gives you power. You just take it.
The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives you power. You just take it.
The time not to become a father is eighteen years before a war.
The time to pray is not when we are in a tight spot but just as soon as we get out of it.
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
The time to stop talking is when the other person nods his head affirmatively but says nothing.
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
The toughest question has always been, "How do you get your ideas?" How do you answer that? It's like asking runners how they run, or singers how they sing. They just do it!
The town where I grew up has a zip code of E-I-E-I-O.
The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
The trick is to make sure you don't die waiting for prosperity to come.
The trouble about trying to make yourself stupider than you really are is that you very often succeed.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
The trouble with facts is that there are so many of them.
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
The trouble with jogging is that the ice falls out of your glass.
The trouble with normal is it always gets worse.
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.
The trouble with weather forecasting is that it's right too often for us to ignore it and wrong too often for us to rely on it.
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
The true secret of giving advice is, after you have honestly given it, to be perfectly indifferent whether it is taken or not, and never persist in trying to set people right.
The true traveler is he who goes on foot, and even then, he sits down a lot of the time.
The truth is more important than the facts.
The truth is that there is nothing noble in being superior to somebody else. The only real nobility is in being superior to your former self.
The truth is the kindest thing we can give folks in the end.
The truth that many people never understand, until it is too late, is that the more you try to avoid suffering the more you suffer because smaller and more insignificant things begin to torture you in proportion to your fear of being hurt.
The two symbols of the Republican Party: an elephant, and a big fat white guy who is threatened by change.
The ultimate result of shielding men from the effects of folly is to fill the world with fools.
The United States Congress, like a lot of rich people, lives in two houses.
The universal brotherhood of man is our most precious possession.
The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest.
The universe is not hostile, nor yet is it friendly. It is simply indifferent.
The universe may have a purpose, but nothing we know suggests that, if so, this purpose has any similarity to ours.
The universe seems wondrous to me, with or without God. It has powerful lines and uncompromising ways. Patience and time sit like sages on the planets, strong and impersonal. There is a stark beauty to all of this.
The universe will reward you for taking risks on its behalf.
The very first law in advertising is to avoid the concrete promise and cultivate the delightfully vague.
The very purpose of existence is to reconcile the glowing opinion we have of ourselves with the appalling things that other people think about us.
The visionary lies to himself, the liar only to others.
The vitality of thought is in adventure. Ideas won't keep. Something must be done about them.
The voracious ambition of humans is never sated by dreams coming true, because there is always the thought that everything might be done better and again.
The way to final freedom is within thy self.
The way to procure insults is to submit to them: a man meets with no more respect than he exacts.
The way you define yourself as a writer is that you write every time you have a free minute. If you didn't behave that way you would never do anything.
The way you overcome shyness is to become so wrapped up in something that you forget to be afraid.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
The whole dream of democracy is to raise the proletarian to the level of stupidity attained by the bourgeois.
The whole life of man is but a point of time; let us enjoy it.
The whole point in bein' a hero is to do somethin' greater than yerself. It'd be easy to do it for the glory or the girls. We're bigger men than that.
The whole point of being alive is to evolve into the complete person you were intended to be.
The whole secret of life is to be interested in one thing profoundly and in a thousand things well.
The will to be stupid is a very powerful force, but there are always alternatives.
The wisest mind has something yet to learn.
The word 'meaningful' when used today is nearly always meaningless.
The word 'politics' is derived from the word 'poly', meaning 'many', and the word 'ticks', meaning 'blood sucking parasites'.
The words 'I am...' are potent words; be careful what you hitch them to. The thing you're claiming has a way of reaching back and claiming you.
The world has so many lessons to teach you. I consider the world, our earth, to be like a school, and our life, the classrooms. Sometimes on our planet life school, the lessons often come dressed up as detours and road blocks and sometimes as full blown crises. And the secret I've learned to getting ahead is being open to the lessons.
The world is a tragedy to those who feel, but a comedy to those who think.
The world is full of people whose notion of a satisfactory future is, in fact, a return to the idealised past.
The world is full of willing people, some willing to work, the rest willing to let them.
The world is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.
The world is my lobster.
The world is not yet exhaused; let me see something tomorrow which I never saw before.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning.
The world's as ugly as sin, and almost as delightful
The world stands aside to let anyone pass who knows where he is going.
The world tolerates conceit from those who are successful, but not from anybody else.
The worst loneliness is not to be comfortable with yourself.
The worst moment for the atheist is when he is really thankful and has nobody to thank.
The worst sin - perhaps the only sin - passion can commit, is to be joyless.
They can conquer who believe they can.
They can do all because they think they can.
They certainly give very strange names to diseases.
The young have aspirations that never come to pass, the old have reminiscences of what never happened.
They say dreams are the windows of the soul--take a peek and you can see the inner workings, the nuts and bolts.
They say you just stand over there, he'll say thank you and you walk back off and that's what I thought was gonna happen, but in my head, I had for five or six years known that he was gonna call me over.
They were so strong in their beliefs that there came a time when it hardly mattered what exactly those beliefs were; they all fused into a single stubbornness.
Things are more like they are now than they have ever been.
Things are only impossible until they're not.
Things could always be worse; for instance, you could be ugly and work in the Post Office.
Think enthusiastically about everything; but especially about your job. If you do, you'll put a touch of glory in your life. If you love your job with enthusiasm, you'll shake it to pieces. You'll love it into greatness.
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.
Think of life as a giant, fat cat you're in charge of. Sometimes you can control it, but other times, it's going to do what it wants and you have to roll with it. And sometimes you can do everything - everything you're s'posed to do- and it'll still shred all the things you hold dear... The only thing you can really do with life is rub its belly and prepare for the worst.
Think of yourself as an incandescent power, illuminated and perhaps forever talked to by God and his messengers.
Think twice before you speak, and then you may be able to say something more insulting than if you spoke right out at once.
This country has come to feel the same when Congress is in session as when the baby gets hold of a hammer.
This is my answer to the gap between ideas and action - I will write it out.
This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force.
This isn't right. This isn't even wrong.
This is one of those views which are so absolutely absurd that only very learned men could possibly adopt them.
This is something that I do consider to be good advice: I took my first paycheck and I put it in the goddamn bank. Then I took my second paycheck and put it in the goddamn bank. I had seen the roller coaster of my father's career - top of the world, then unemployed - and I never wanted to take a job because I needed money.
This is the devilish thing about foreign affairs: they are foreign and will not always conform to our whim.
This is your time and it feels normal to you, but really, there is no normal. There's only change and resistance to it and then more change.
This life gets bitterly cold. Sometimes you just need to cling to the person that you can claw your way out of the dark with.
This paperback is very interesting, but I find it will never replace a hardcover book - it makes a very poor doorstop.
This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it.
This world is given as the prize for the men in earnest; and that which is true of this world, is truer still of the world to come.
Those little nimble musicians of the air, that warble forth their curious ditties, with which nature hath furnished them to the shame of art.
Those who agree with us may not be right, but we admire their astuteness.
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand
Those who can laugh without cause have either found the true meaning of happiness or have gone stark raving mad.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Those who don't know how to weep with their whole heart, don't know how to laugh either.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Those who face that which is actually before them, unburdened by the past, undistracted by the future, these are they who live, who make the best use of their lives; these are those who have found the secret of contentment.
Those who flee temptation generally leave a forwarding address.
Those whom the Gods would destroy, they first call promising.
Those who speak most of progress measure it by quantity and not by quality.
Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
Though I am grateful for the blessings of wealth, it hasn't changed who I am. My feet are still on the ground. I'm just wearing better shoes.
Though it sounds absurd, it is true to say I felt younger at sixty than I felt at twenty.
Though music oft hath such a charm to make bad good, and good provoke to harm.
Thought is only a flash between two long nights, but this flash is everything.
Thought: Why does man kill? He kills for food. And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage.
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do.
Through all the world there goes one long cry from the heart of the artist: Give me leave to do my utmost.
Throw out an alarming alarm clock. If the ring is loud and strident, you're waking up to instant stress. You shouldn't be bullied out of bed, just reminded that it's time to start your day.
Throw your heart over the fence and the rest will follow.
Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet.
Time cools, time clarifies; no mood can be maintained quite unaltered through the course of hours.
Time does not change us. It just unfolds us.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Time has a wonderful way of showing us what really matters.
Time is a cruel thief to rob us of our former selves. We lose as much to life as we do to death.
Time is on the side of the oppressed today, it's against the oppressor. Truth is on the side of the oppressed today, it's against the oppressor. You don't need anything else.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Time present and time past are both perhaps present in time future and time future contained in time past. If all time is eternally present all time is unredeemable.
Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
'Tis an ill wind that blows no minds.
'Tis better to be silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
To accomplish great things we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
To accomplish our destiny it is not enough to merely guard prudently against road accidents. We must also cover before nightfall the distance assigned to each of us.
To achieve great things we must live as though we were never going to die.
To achieve the impossible dream, try going to sleep.
To avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
To be able to fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization, and at present very few people have reached this level.
To be a book-collector is to combine the worst characteristics of a dope fiend with those of a miser.
To be a saint is the exception; to be upright is the rule. Err, falter, sin, but be upright. To commit the least possible sin is the law for man. Sin is a gravitation.
To be conscious that you are ignorant is a great step to knowledge.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
To be in love Is to touch with a lighter hand. In yourself you stretch, you are well.
To believe in God or in a guiding force because someone tells you to is the height of stupidity. We are given senses to receive our information within. With our own eyes we see, and with our own skin we feel. With our intelligence, it is intended that we understand. But each person must puzzle it out for himself or herself.
To believe is to know you believe, and to know you believe is not to believe.
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best day and night to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting.
To be one's self, and unafraid whether right or wrong, is more admirable than the easy cowardice of surrender to conformity.
To be pleased with one's limits is a wretched state.
To be positive: To be mistaken at the top of one's voice.
To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.
To be willing to die for an idea is to set a rather high price on conjecture.
To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.
Today is the day in which to express your noblest qualities of mind and heart, to do at least one worthy thing which you have long postponed.
Today's public figures can no longer write their own speeches or books, and there is some evidence that they can't read them either.
To deny our own impulses is to deny the very thing that makes us human.
To do anything truly worth doing, I must not stand back shivering and thinking of the cold and danger, but jump in with gusto and scramble through as well as I can.
To err is dysfunctional, to forgive co-dependent.
To err is human--and to blame it on a computer is even more so.
To err is human; to forgive, infrequent.
To find a fault is easy; to do better may be difficult.
To find yourself jilted is a blow to your pride. Do your best to forget it and if you don't succeed, at least pretend to.
To get back my youth I would do anything in the world, except take exercise, get up early, or be respectable.
To get the best out of a man go to what is best in him.
To get thine ends, lay bashfulness aside; Who fears to ask, doth teach to be deny'd.
To grow mature is to separate more distinctly, to connect more closely.
To have a right to do a thing is not at all the same as to be right in doing it.
To have doubted one's own first principles is the mark of a civilized man.
Toil to make yourself remarkable by some talent or other.
To imagine the unimaginable is the highest use of the imagination.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
To know what you prefer instead of humbly saying Amen to what the world tells you you ought to prefer, is to have kept your soul alive.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
To look backward for a while is to refresh the eye, to restore it, and to render it the more fit for its prime function of looking forward.
To love what you do and feel that it matters - how could anything be more fun?
To me a lush carpet of pine needles or spongy grass is more welcome than the most luxurious Persian rug.
To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no choreography, and the dancers hit each other.
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday.
Too bad the only people who know how to run the country are busy driving cabs and cutting hair.
To obtain a man's opinion of you, make him mad.
Too many have dispensed with generosity in order to practice charity.
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity. They seem more afraid of life than death.
Too much of a good thing is wonderful.
To predict the behavior of ordinary people in advance, you only have to assume that they will always try to escape a disagreeable situation with the smallest possible expenditure of intelligence.
To pretend, I actually do the thing: I have therefore only pretended to pretend.
To punish me for my contempt for authority, fate made me an authority myself.
To refuse awards is another way of accepting them with more noise than is normal.
To repeat what others have said, requires education; to challenge it, requires brains.
To see the earth as it truly is, small and blue and beautiful in that eternal silence where it floats, is to see ourselves as riders on the earth together, brothers on that bright loveliness in the eternal cold.
To see what is in front of one's nose needs a constant struggle.
To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage.
To send a letter is a good way to go somewhere without moving anything but your heart.
To sit in the shade on a fine day, and look upon verdure is the most perfect refreshment.
To succeed in the world it is not enough to be stupid, you must also be well-mannered.
To sway an audience, you must watch them as you speak.
Total absence of humor renders life impossible.
To the soul, there is hardly anything more healing than friendship.
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.
Touch your customer, and you're halfway there.
Toughness doesn't have to come in a pinstriped suit.
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
To win without risk is to triumph without glory.
To you I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.
Trade your secrets and become who you are.
Tradition is a guide and not a jailer.
Traditions are group efforts to keep the unexpected from happening.
Traffic signals in New York are just rough guidelines.
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die.
Train yourself to let go of the things you fear to lose.
Treasure the love you have received above all. It will survive long after your gold and good health have vanished.
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.
Treat the other man's faith gently; it is all he has to believe with. His mind was created for his own thoughts, not yours or mine.
Treat your friends as you do your pictures, and place them in their best light.
True friends are those who really know you but love you anyway.
True humor is fun - it does not put down, kid, or mock. It makes people feel wonderful, not separate, different, and cut off. True humor has beneath it the understanding that we are all in this together.
True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked.
True luck consists not in holding the best of the cards at the table; luckiest is he who knows just when to rise and go home.
True originality consists not in a new manner but in a new vision.
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
Truly great madness cannot be achieved without significant intelligence.
Truly successful decision making relies on a balance between deliberate and instinctive thinking.
Trust one who has gone through it.
Truth has beauty, power and necessity.
Truth indeed rather alleviates than hurts, and will always bear up against falsehood, as oil does above water.
Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies.
Truth is more of a stranger than fiction.
Truth is the only safe ground to stand on.
Truth is the only safe ground to stand upon.
Truth is what stands the test of experience.
Truth, like surgery, may hurt, but it cures.
Trying to determine what is going on in the world by reading newspapers is like trying to tell the time by watching the second hand of a clock.
Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value.
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
Try to love someone who you want to hate, because they are just like you, somewhere inside, in a way you may never expect, in a way that resounds so deeply within you that you cannot believe it.
Try to put your happiness before anyone else's, because you may never have done so in your entire life, if you really think about it, if you are really honest with yourself.
Turbulence is life force. It is opportunity. Let's love turbulence and use it for change.
Turns out if you never lie, there's always someone mad at you.
Turn the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
Turn your midlife crisis to your own advantage by making it a time for renewal of your body and mind, rather than stand by helplessly and watch them decline.
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
Two men look out through the same bars: One sees the mud and one the stars.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
Ultimately, we all have to decide for ourselves what constitutes failure, but the world is quite eager to give you a set of criteria if you let it.
Under all speech that is good for anything there lies a silence that is better. Silence is deep as Eternity; speech is shallow as Time.
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite.
Under the greenwood tree who loves to lie with me ... Here shall he see no enemy but winter and rough weather.
Undoubtedly, we become what we envisage.
Unfortunately sometimes one can't do what one thinks is right without making someone else unhappy.
Unless man is committed to the belief that all mankind are his brothers, then he labors in vain and hypocritically in the vineyards of equality.
Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
Unquestionably, there is progress. The average American now pays out twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages.
Use, do not abuse; neither abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy.
Use what you have to run toward your best - that's how I now live my life.
Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously.... Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.
Variety is the soul of pleasure.
Very little is known of the Canadian country since it is rarely visited by anyone but the Queen and illiterate sport fishermen.
Vigorous let us be in attaining our ends, and mild in our method of attainment.
Virtue is choked with foul ambition.
Voices that loud are always meant to bully. Do not be bullied. Acts of bravery don't always take place on battlefields. They can take place in your heart, when you have the courage to honor your character, your intellect, your inclinations, and, yes your soul by listening to its clean, clear voice of direction instead of following the muddied messages of a timid world.
Vote early and vote often.
Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
Walking is also an ambulation of mind.
Walking is man's best medicine.
Walking isn't a lost art: one must, by some means, get to the garage.
Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very far.
Walk through life eager and open to self-improvement and that which is going to best help you evolve, because that's really why were here: to evolve as human beings.
Wanting to be someone you're not is a waste of the person you are.
War is a beastly business, it is true, but one proof we are human is our ability to learn, even from it, how better to exist.
War is a cowardly escape from the problems of peace.
War is a series of catastrophes that results in a victory.
War is much too serious a matter to be entrusted to the military.
War is not nice.
Wars teach us not to love our enemies, but to hate our allies.
Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
Waste no more time talking about great souls and how they should be. Become one yourself!
Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
Watch out for the fellow who talks about putting things in order! Putting things in order always means getting other people under your control.
Water is the most neglected nutrient in your diet but one of the most vital.
Water, taken in moderation, cannot hurt anybody.
We act as though comfort and luxury were the chief requirements of life, when all that we need to make us happy is something to be enthusiastic about.
We al have family disfunction. It's why we're successful, to fill that hole.
We all flow from one fountain Soul. All are expressions of one Love. God does not appear, and flow out, only from narrow chinks and round bored wells here and there in favored races and places, but He flows in grand undivided currents, shoreless and boundless over creeds and forms and all kinds of civilizations and peoples and beasts, saturating all and fountainizing all.
We all have a few failures under our belt. It's what makes us ready for the successes.
We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance.
We all have strength enough to endure the misfortunes of others.
We all have such a finite time to leave the world better than we found it.
We all have the extraordinary coded within us, waiting to be released.
We all need to have a creative outlet - a window, a space - so we don't lose track of ourselves.
We allow our ignorance to prevail upon us and make us think we can survive alone, alone in patches, alone in groups, alone in races, even alone in genders.
We all self-conscious. I'm just the first to admit it.
We always like those who admire us; we do not always like those whom we admire.
We Americans live in a nation where the medical-care system is second to none in the world, unless you count maybe 25 or 30 little scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in seconds if we felt like it.
We are able to laugh when we achieve detachment, if only for a moment.
We are advertis'd by our loving friends.
We are all apt to believe what the world believes about us.
We are all born with wonderful gifts. We use these gifts to express ourselves, to amuse, to strengthen, and to communicate. We begin as children to explore and develop our talents, often unaware that we are unique, that not everyone can do what we're doing!
We are all human, and caring about the way something looks and feels does not mean we're superficial--it means we're human. We don't need to exploit sex to recognize that a certain amount of sexiness is both pleasurable and natural.
We are alone, absolutely alone on this chance planet: and, amid all the forms of life that surround us, not one, excepting the dog, has made an alliance with us.
We are always in search of the redeeming formula, the crystallizing thought.
We are always more anxious to be distinguished for a talent which we do not possess, than to be praised for the fifteen which we do possess.
We are always the same age inside.
We are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on.
We are bits of stellar matter that got cold by accident, bits of a star gone wrong.
We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
We are continually faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems.
We are face to face with our destiny and we must meet it with high and resolute courage. For us is the life of action, of strenuous performance of duty; let us live in the harness, striving mightily; let us rather run the risk of wearing out than rusting out.
We are generally the better persuaded by the reasons we discover ourselves than by those given to us by others.
We are here because we love this country too much to let the next four years look like the last eight.
We are here on Earth to do good to others. What the others are here for, I don't know.
We are inclined to believe those whom we do not know because they have never deceived us.
We are indeed much more than what we eat, but what we eat can nevertheless help us to be much more than what we are.
We are made to persist. That's how we find out who we are.
We are more ready to try the untried when what we do is inconsequential.  Hence the fact that many inventions had their birth as toys.
We are never deceived; we deceive ourselves.
We are the people our parents warned us about.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit.
Wear the old coat and buy the new book.
We begin to see that the completion of an important project has every right to be dignified by a natural grieving process. Something that required the best of you has ended. You will miss it.
We buy our way out of jail but we can't buy freedom, We buy a lot of clothes when we don't really need them, Things we buy to cover up what's inside.
We can aspire to anything, but we don't get it just 'cause we want it. I would rather spend my life close to the birds than waste it wishing I had wings.
We can have facts without thinking but we cannot have thinking without facts.
We cannot control the evil tongues of others; but a good life enables us to disregard them.
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
We cannot fail to win unless we fail to try.
We cannot really love anybody with whom we never laugh.
We cannot swing up on a rope that is attached only to our own belt.
We can't all be heroes because somebody has to sit on the curb and clap as they go by.
We can't take any credit for our talents. It's how we use them that counts.
We certainly do not forget you as soon as you forget us. It is, perhaps, our fate rather than our merit. We cannot help ourselves. We live at home, quiet, confined, and our feelings prey upon us. You are forced on exertion. You have always a profession, pursuits, business of some sort or other, to take you back into the world immediately, and continual occupation and change soon weaken impressions. All the privilege I claim for my own sex (it is not a very enviable one; you need not covet it), is that of loving longest, when existence or when hope is gone.
We change who we are to fit the exogenous of our time, and not just strategically or to our own advantage, sometimes sympathetically without our even knowing it for the betterment of the whole group.
We confide in our strength, without boasting of it; we respect that of others, without fearing it.
We could have bought a small yacht with what we spent on our dog an dall the things he destroyed. Then again, how many yachts wait by the door all day for your return?
We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world.
We did not change as we grew older; we just became more clearly ourselves.
We did not start as friends, but as people who respected and admired each other. Crucial, absolutely crucial for a partnership. As soon as we could afford it, we ceased sharing lodgings. Equally crucial.
We didn't think much in the air corps of a fellow who wangled a cushy job out of his C.O. by buttering him up. It was hard for me to believe that God thought much of a man who tried to wangle salvation by fulsome flattery. I should have thought the worship most pleasing to him was to do your best according to your lights.
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already. We have the power to imagine better.
We do not write because we want to; we write because we have to.
We don't always get to choose what we love.
We don't beat the Grim Reaper by living longer, we beat the Reaper by living well and living fully, for the Reaper will come for all of us. The question is what do we do between the time we are born and the time he shows up. It's too late to do all the things that you're gonna kinda get around to.
We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything.
We don't know who we are until we see what we can do.
We don't see things as they are, we see things as we are.
We do on stage things that are supposed to happen off. Which is a kind of integrity, if you look on every exit as being an entrance somewhere else.
We do what we must, and call it by the best names.
We feel in one world, we think and name in another. Between the two we can set up a system of references, but we cannot fill in the gap.
We find no real satisfaction or happiness in life without obstacles to conquer and goals to achieve.
We forfeit three-fourths of ourselves in order to be like other people.
We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office.
We hate some persons because we do not know them; and we will not know them because we hate them.
We have a criminal jury system which is superior to any in the world; and its efficiency is only marred by the difficulty of finding twelve men every day who don't know anything and can't read.
We have been told we cannot do this by a chorus of cynics. They will only grow louder and more dissonant in the weeks to come. We've been asked to pause for a reality check; we've been warned against offering the people of this nation false hope. But in the unlikely story that is America, there has never been anything false about hope.
We have, I fear, confused power with greatness.
We have really everything in common with America nowadays except, of course, language.
We have so much time and so little to do. Strike that, reverse it.
We have to fight them daily, like fleas, those many small worries about the morrow, for they sap our energies.
We have too many high sounding words, and too few actions that correspond with them.
We hope that, when the insects take over the world, they will remember with gratitude how we took them along on all our picnics.
We inhereit from our ancestors gifts so often taken for granted... Each of us contains within... this inheritance of soul. We are links between the ages, containing past and present expectations, sacred memories and future promise.
We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we have already done.
We know truth, not only by reason, but also by the heart.
We know what a person thinks not when he tells us what he thinks, but by his actions.
We know what happens to people who stay in the middle of the road. They get run over.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
We laugh a lot. That's for sure. Sure beats the alternative, doesn't it?
We learn and grow and are transformed not so much by what we do but by why and how we do it.
We learn by example and by direct experience because there are real limits to the adequacy of verbal instruction.
We learn something every day, and lots of times it's that what we learned the day before was wrong.
We live in a Newtonian world of Einsteinian physics ruled by Frankenstein logic.
We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology.
Well done is better than well said.
Well, if crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight? They never mention that part to us, do they?
Well, if I called the wrong number, why did you answer the phone?
Well, spring sprang. We've had our state of grace and our little gift of sanctioned madness, courtesy of Mother Nature. Thanks, Gaia. Much obliged. I guess it's time to get back to that daily routine of living we like to call normal.
Well, the telling of jokes is an art of its own, and it always rises from some emotional threat. The best jokes are dangerous, and dangerous because they are in some way truthful.
Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech.
We made a solemn vow not to take any job outside of show business. We borrowed money from parents and friends, rather than take that lethal job waiting tables. This forced us to take any job offered to us. Anything. We once did a show in the middle of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway in Philadelphia as part of a fashion show on a hot July night while all around our stage, a race-riot was fully underway. That's how serious we were about our vow.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.
We may go to the moon, but that's not very far. The greatest distance we have to cover still lies within us.
We may lay in a stock of pleasures, as we would lay in a stock of wine; but if we defer tasting them too long, we shall find that both are soured by age.
We may not imagine how our lives could be more frustrating and complex--but Congress can.
We must accept that this creative pulse within us is God's creative pulse itself.
We must always change, renew, rejuvenate ourselves; otherwise we harden.
We must believe in luck. For how else can we explain the success of those we don't like?
We must be willing to get rid of the life we've planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
We must get beyond textbooks, go out into the bypaths... and tell the world the glories of our journey.
We must never forget that art is not a form of propaganda; it is a form of truth.
We must not allow the clock and the calendar to blind us to the fact that each moment of life is a miracle and mystery.
We must remember that any oppression, any injustice, any hatred, is a wedge designed to attack our civilization.
We must use time as a tool, not as a crutch.
We need a president who's fluent in at least one language.
We need not to be let alone. We need to be really bothered once in a while. How long is it since you were really bothered? About something important, about something real?
We never stop investigating. We are never satisfied that we know enough to get by. Every question we answer leads on to another question. This has become the greatest survival trick of our species.
We none of us expect to be in smooth water all our days.
We only do well the things we like doing.
We owe something to extravagance, for thrift and adventure seldom go hand in hand.
We pay a price for everything we get or take in this world; and although ambitions are well worth having, they are not to be cheaply won, but exact their dues of work and self-denial, anxiety and discouragement.
We play the hands of cards life gives us. And the worst hands can make us the best players.
We rarely think people have good sense unless they agree with us.
We're actors - we're the opposite of people.
We read frequently if unknowingly, in quest of a mind more original than our own.
We're a sentimental people. We like a few kind words better than millions of dollars given in a humiliating way.
We're here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
We're not lost. We're locationally challenged.
We resent the thought that anything can please us when someone we love is no longer here to share the pleasure with us, and we almost feel as if we were unfaithful to our sorrow when we find our interest in life returning to us.
We shall find peace. We shall hear the angels, we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
We shall not fail or falter; we shall not weaken or tire...Give us the tools and we will finish the job.
We shall show mercy, but we shall not ask for it.
We should be taught not to wait for inspiration to start a thing. Action always generates inspiration. Inspiration seldom generates action.
We should conduct ourselves not as if we ought to live for the body, but as if we could not live without it.
We should every night call ourselves to an account: What infirmity have I mastered today? What passions opposed? What temptation resisted? What virtue acquired?
We should every night call ourselves to an account; What infirmity have I mastered today? What passions opposed? What temptation resisted? What virtue acquired? Our vices will abort of themselves if they be brought every day to the shrift.
We simply rob ourselves when we make presents to the dead.
We strain to renew our capacity for wonder, to shock ourselves into astonishment once again.
We succeed only as we identify in life, or in war, or in anything else, a single overriding objective, and make all other considerations bend to that one objective.
We thought, because we had power, we had wisdom.
We try to grab pieces of our lives as they speed past us. Photographs freeze those pieces and help us remember how we were. We don't know these lost people but if you look around, you'll find someone just like them.
We've heard that a million monkeys at a million keyboards could produce the complete works of Shakespeare; now, thanks to the Internet, we know that is not true.
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
We would worry less about what others think of us if we realized how seldom they do.
What a grand thing, to be loved! What a grander thing still, to love!
What a pity, when Christopher Colombus discovered America, that he ever mentioned it.
What are riches - grandeur - health itself, to the luxury of a pure conscience, the health of the soul; - and what the sufferings of poverty, disappointment, despair - to the anguish of an afflicted one!
What can you say about a society that says that God is dead and Elvis is alive?
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Whatever God's dream about man may be, it seems certain it cannot come true unless man cooperates.
Whatever is reasonable is true, and whatever is true is reasonable.
Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good. Luckily this is not difficult.
Whatever you are by nature, keep to it; never desert your line of talent. Be what nature intended you for and you will succeed.
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
Whatever you fear most has no power - it is your fear that has the power.
Whatever you may be sure of, be sure of this-that you are dreadfully like other people.
Whatever you think, be sure it is what you think; whatever you want, be sure that is what you want; whatever you feel, be sure that is what you feel.
What happens when the future has come and gone?
What has a man's face to do with his character? Can a man of good character help having a disagreeable face?
What I am actually saying is that we need to be willing to let our intuition guide us, and then be willing to follow that guidance directly and fearlessly.
What I dream of is an art of balance.
What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists? In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
What I know for sure is that what you give comes back to you.
What I look forward to is continued immaturity followed by death.
What is life but a series of inspired follies? The difficulty is to find them to do. Never lose a chance: it doesn't come every day.
What is right for one couple is wrong for another. I would say that there are many more important factors to a happy marriage.
What is the difference between unethical and ethical advertising? Unethical advertising uses falsehoods to deceive the public; ethical advertising uses truth to deceive the public.
What is the use of a house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?
What luck for rulers that men do not think.
What makes the engine go? Desire, desire, desire.
What other dungeon is so dark as one's own heart! What jailer so inexorable as one's self!
What saves a man is to take a step. Then another step. It is always the same step, but you have to take it.
What's done cannot be undone.
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
What some call health, if purchased by perpetual anxiety about diet, isn't much better than tedious disease.
What's on your mind, if you will allow the overstatement?
What's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband? About 30 pounds.
What's the point of havin' a rapier wit if I can't use it to stab people?
What's the use of a good quotation if you can't change it?
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left.
What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expected generally happens.
What we become depends on what we read after all of the professors have finished with us. The greatest university of all is a collection of books.
What we do for ourselves dies with us. What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal.
What we have to do is to be forever curiously testing new opinions and courting new impressions.
What we say is important for in most cases the mouth speaks what the heart is full of.
What worries you masters you.
What you are is a question only you can answer.
What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say.
What you look like on the outside is not what makes you cool at all. I mean, I had a mullet and wore parachute pants for a long, long time, and I'm doin' okay.
When a deep injury is done to us, we never recover until we forgive.
When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong.
When a dog runs at you, whistle for him.
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is any thing you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
When Alexander the Great visited Diogenes and asked whether he could do anything for the famed teacher, Diogenes replied: 'Only stand out of my light.' Perhaps some day we shall know how to heighten creativity. Until then, one of the best things we can do for creative men and women is to stand out of their light.
When all is said and done, the weather and love are the two elements about which one can never be sure.
When a man comes to me for advice, I find out the kind of advice he wants, and I give it to him.
When a man takes one step toward God, God takes more steps toward that man than there are sands in the worlds of time.
When anger rises, think of the consequences.
When a person can no longer laugh at himself, it is time for others to laugh at him.
When a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.
When a thing ceases to be a subject of controversy, it ceases to be a subject of interest.
When a thing has been said and well, have no scruple. Take it and copy it.
When a thought is too weak to be expressed simply, it should be rejected.
When a true genius appears in this world, you may know him by this sign, that the dunces are all in confederacy against him.
When buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators.
When dealing with the insane, the best method is to pretend to be sane.
When defeat is inevitable, it is wisest to yield.
Whenever I dwell for any length of time on my own shortcomings, they gradually begin to seem mild, harmless, rather engaging little things, not at all like the staring defects in other people's characters.
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
Whenever I hear, 'It can't be done,' I know I'm close to success.
When everyone is against you, it means that you are absolutely wrong-- or absolutely right.
Whenever you are asked if you can do a job, tell 'em, 'Certainly I can!' Then get busy and find out how to do it.
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform.
Whenever you have an efficient government you have a dictatorship.
Whenever you looked forward to anything pleasant you were sure to be more or less disappointed . . . perhaps that is true. But there is a good side to it too. The bad things don't always come up to your expectations either . . . they nearly always turn out ever so much better than you think.
When I am attacked by gloomy thoughts, nothing helps me so much as running to my books. They quickly absorb me and banish the clouds from my mind.
When I came back to Dublin I was courtmartialed in my absence and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
When I do good, I feel good; when I do bad, I feel bad, and that is my religion.
When I make up my mind to do a thing it stays made up.
When I meet a man I ask myself, 'Is this the man I want my children to spend their weekends with?'
When I'm not doing something that comes deeply from me, I get bored. When I get bored I get distracted and when I get distracted, I become depressed. It's a natural resistance, and it insures your integrity.
When I'm trusting and being myself... everything in my life reflects this by falling into place easily, often miraculously.
When I'm working on a problem, I never think about beauty. I think only how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
When I only begin to read, I forget I'm on this world. It lifts me on wings with high thoughts.
When I see somebody 'suffering for their art', it%uFFFDs usually a case of them not knowing where that red line is, not knowing where the sovereignty lies.
When it is not necessary to make a decision, it is necessary not to make a decision.
When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web.... Now even my cat has its own page.
When I walk into my kitchen today, I am not alone. Whether we know it or not, none of us is. We bring fathers and mothers and kitchen tables, and every meal we have ever eaten. Food is never just food. It's also a way of getting at something else: who we are, who we have been, and who we want to be.
When I was born I was so surprised I didn't talk for a year and a half.
When I was in college, I remember fearing that the dreary grind of adulthood would feature infinitely more existential dread than frat parties had, but the opposite has been true for me. I'm much less likely to feel that gnawing fear of aimlessness and nihilism than I used to be and that's partly because education gave me job opportunities, but it's mostly because education gave me perspective and context.
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened or not.
When I was younger I thought success was something different. I thought, " When I grow up, I want to be famous. I want to be a star. I want to be in movies. When I grow up I want to see the world, drive nice cars. I want to have groupies." But my idea of success is different today. For me, the most important thing in your life is to live your life with integrity and not to give into peer pressure, to try to be something that you're not. To live your life as an honest and compassionate person. To contribute in some way.
When I was young, my ambition was to be one of the people who made a difference in this world. My hope still is to leave the world a little bit better for my having been here. It's a wonderful life and I love it.
When life seems chaotic, you don't need people giving you easy answers or cheap promises. There might not be any answers to your problems. What you need is a safe place where you can bounce with people who have taken some bad hops of their own.
When love is gone, there's always justice. And when justice is gone, there's always force. And when force is gone, there's always Mom. Hi, Mom!
When one admits that nothing is certain one must, I think, also admit that some things are much more nearly certain than others.
When one loses the deep intimate relationship with nature, then temples, mosques and churches become important.
When other people reject positive changes you make for yourself, there is always some nerve to get to the root of in those other people.
When people are free to do as they please, they usually imitate each other.
When people talk, listen completely. Most people never listen.
When she stopped conforming to the conventional picture of femininity she finally began to enjoy being a woman.
When someone allows you to bear his burdens, you have found deep friendship.
When something that honest is said it usually needs a few minutes of silence to dissipate.
When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends.
When the conduct of men is designed to be influenced, persuasion, kind unassuming persuasion, should ever be adopted. It is an old and true maxim that 'a drop of honey catches more flies than a gallon of gall.' So with men. If you would win a man to your cause, first convince him that you are his sincere friend. Therein is a drop of honey that catches his heart, which, say what he will, is the great highroad to his reason, and which, once gained, you will find but little trouble in convincing him of the justice of your cause, if indeed that cause is really a good one.
When the eagles are silent, the parrots begin to jabber.
When the gods wish to punish us, they answer our prayers.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
When the habitually even-tempered suddenly fly into a passion, that explosion is apt to be more impressive than the outburst of the most violent amongst us.
When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object.
When the mind has once begun to yield to the weakness of superstition, trifles impress it with the force of conviction.
When the politicians complain that TV turns the proceedings into a circus, it should be made clear that the circus was already there, and that TV has merely demonstrated that not all the performers are well trained.
When there is no peril in the fight there is no glory in the triumph.
When there's snow on the ground, I like to pretend I'm walking on clouds.
When things are at their worst I find something always happens.
When thou seest an eagle, thou seest a portion of genius; lift up thy head!
When two men in business always agree, one of them is unnecessary.
When we are angry or depressed in our creativity, we have misplaced our power. We have allowed someone else to determine our worth, and then we are angry at being undervalued.
When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
When we are unable to find tranquility within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere.
When we are unhurried and wise, we perceive that only great and worthy things have any permanent and absolute existence, that petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of the reality.
When we ask for advice, we are usually looking for an accomplice.
When we die, no one remembers us for what we weighed. Our weight isn't etched into our headstones.
When we do the best that we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life, or in the life of another.
When we hear news we should always wait for the sacrament of confirmation.
When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
When we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves.
When we were children, we used to think that when we were grown-up we would no longer be vulnerable. But to grow up is to accept vulnerability... To be alive is to be vulnerable.
When you are eight years old, nothing is any of your business.
When you are in any contest you should work as if there were - to the very last minute - a chance to lose it.
When you are not practicing, remember, someone somewhere is practicing, and when you meet him he will win.
When you build bridges you can keep crossing them.
When you close your doors, and make darkness within, remember never to say that you are alone, for you are not alone; nay, God is within, and your genius is within. And what need have they of light to see what you are doing?
When you don't share your problems, you resent hearing the problems of other people.
When you encounter difficulties and contradictions, do not try to break them, but bend them with gentleness and time.
When you encounter seemingly good advice that contradicts other seemingly good advice, ignore them both.
When you feel in your gut what you are and then dynamically pursue it - don't back down and don't give up - then you're going to mystify a lot of folks.
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
When you have a number of disagreeable duties to perform, always do the most disagreeable first.
When you have loved as she has loved, you grow old beautifully.
When you have the courage to tell the truth about what you're really afraid of, fear doesn't have control over your life.
When you helped somebody, right away you were responsible for that person. And things always followed for which you were never prepared.
When you hire people that are smarter than you are, you prove you are smarter than they are.
When you jump for joy, beware that no one moves the ground from beneath your feet.
When you make a mistake, admit it. If you don't, you only make matters worse.
When you make a mistake, there are only three things you should ever do about it: admit it, learn from it, and don't repeat it.
When you make a world tolerable for yourself, you make a world tolerable for others.
When you point your finger at someone, three fingers are pointing back at you.
When you reach for the stars you may not quite get one, but you won't come up with a handful of mud either.
When you really trust someone, you have to be okay with not understanding some things.
When you're a team of one, you're always captain.
When you're doing the work you're meant to do, it feels right and every day is a bonus, regardless of what you're getting paid.
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
When you strike at a king, you must kill him.
When you think of the long and gloomy history of man, you will find more hideous crimes have been committed in the name of obedience than have ever been committed in the name of rebellion.
When you understand that what you're telling is just a story. It isn't happening anymore. When you realize the story you're telling is just words, when you can just crumble it up and throw your past in the trashcan, then we'll figure out who you're going to be.
When you win, say nothing. When you lose, say less.
When yu' can't have why you choose, yu' just choose what you have.
Where any one body of educated men, of whatever denomination, are condemned indiscriminately, there must be a deficiency of information, or...of something else.
Where humor is concerned there are no standards - no one can say what is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
Where is human nature so weak as in the bookstore?
Where there is hatred, let me sow love. Where there is injury, pardon. Where there is doubt, faith.
Where we have strong emotions, we're liable to fool ourselves.
While I am overwhelmingly proud of work that I, believe me, did not do on my own, I can assure you that awards have very little bearing on my own personal happiness, my own sense of well-being and purpose in the world.
While the fates permit, live happily; life speeds on with hurried step, and with winged days the wheel of the headlong year is turned.
While there's life, there's hope.
While we have the gift of life, it seems to me that only tragedy is to allow part of us to die - whether it is our spirit, our creativity, or our glorious uniqueness.
'Who are you and how did you get in here?' 'I'm a locksmith. And, I'm a locksmith.'
Whoever ceases to be a student has never been a student.
whoever saw old age that did not applaud the past and condemn the present?
Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.
Who is wise? He that learns from every One. Who is powerful? He that governs his Passions. Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.
Who knew that dog saliva can mend a broken heart?
Whosoever is delighted in solitude is either a wild beast or a god.
Who would have guessed it possible that waiting is sustainable. A place with its own harvest.
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Why comes temptation, but for man to meet and master and crouch beneath his foot, and so be pedestaled in triumph?
Why does the Air Force need expensive new bombers? Have the people we've been bombing over the years been complaining?
Why do strong arms fatigue themselves with frivolous dumbbells? To dig a vineyard is worthier exercise for men.
Why do we have to wait for special moments to say nice things or tell people we care about them?
Why is it that our memory is good enough to retain the least triviality that happens to us, and yet not good enough to recollect how often we have told it to the same person?
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
Why is this thus? What is the reason for this thusness?
Why not be happy after a while? You get to a certain age where you prepare yourself for happiness. Sometimes you never remember to get happy.
Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is?
Wine makes a man more pleased with himself; I do not say that it makes him more pleasing to others.
Win hearts, and you have all men's hands and purses.
Winning is important to me, but what brings me real joy is the experience of being fully engaged in whatever I'm doing.
Winning may not be everything, but losing has little to recommend it.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; virtue is doing it.
Wish not so much to live long as to live well.
With age come the inner, the higher life. Who would be forever young, to dwell always in externals?
With Epcot Center the Disney corporation has accomplished something I didn't think possible in today's world. They have created a land of make-believe that's worse than regular life.
With most men, unbelief in one thing springs from blind belief in another.
With or without religion, you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things. But for good people to do evil things, that takes religion.
Without discipline, there's no life at all.
Without friends no one would choose to live, though he had all other goods.
Without the aid of prejudice and custom I should not be able to find my way across the room.
Wit makes its own welcome, and levels all distinctions. No dignity, no learning, no force of character, can make any stand against good wit.
Woe be to him that reads but one book.
Women and men have to fight together to change society - and both will benefit... Partnership, not dependence, is the real romance in marriage.
Women are better at acting then men. Why? Because we have to be. If successfully convincing someone bigger than you are of something he doesn't want to know is a survival skill, this is how women have survived through the millennia.
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
Words, once they are printed, have a life of their own.
Work and acquire, and thou hast chained the wheel of Chance.
Work and struggle and never accept an evil that you can change.
Work is not always required... there is such a thing as sacred idleness, the cultivation of which is now fearfully neglected.
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
Works of art, in my opinion, are the only objects in the material universe to possess internal order, and that is why, though I don't believe that only art matters, I do believe in Art for Art's sake.
Worry a little bit every day and in a lifetime you will lose a couple of years. If something is wrong, fix it if you can. But train yourself not to worry. Worry never fixes anything.
Would those of you in the cheaper seats clap your hands? And the rest of you, if you'll just rattle your jewelry.
Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
Write something to suit yourself and many people will like it; write something to suit everybody and scarcely anyone will care for it.
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
Writing is not necessarily something to be ashamed of, but do it in private and wash your hands afterwards.
'Wrong' is one of those concepts that depends on witnesses.
Yes is how you get your first job, and your next job, and your spouse, and even your kids. Even if it's a bit edgy, a bit out of your comfort zone, saying yes means that you will do something new, meet someone new and make a difference.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or to lose.
Yes, we have to divide up our time like that, between our politics and our equations. But to me our equations are far more important, for politics are only a matter of present concern. A mathematical equation stands forever.
You always pass failure on the way to success.
You always second guess yourself. Just think of all the time you'd save if you just trusted yourself.
You are built not to shrink down to less but to blossom into more.
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, and with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world. You impoverish yourself if you forget this errand.
You are not superior just because you see the world in an odious light.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.
You ask me why I do not write something....I think one's feelings waste themselves in words, they ought all to be distilled into actions and into actions which bring results.
You can be a little bit darker and rougher on the stage, partly because when you're in the theater, people have come to see you, and so they kind of know what they're in for. In television, you are sort of sneaking into people's homes. So, I think you can be a little bit darker on stage.
You can be a rank insider as well as a rank outsider.
You can be pleased with nothing when you are not pleased with yourself.
You can call it the 'Perfect Moment' when the universe aligns and the music in your head actually matches the music outside and all is well.
You can either hold yourself up to the unrealistic standards of others, or ignore them and concentrate on being happy with yourself as you are.
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can not fool all of the people all of the time.
You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
You can go a long way with a smile. You can go a lot farther with a smile and a gun.
You can go a long way with bad legs and a good head.
You can learn as much - or more - from one glance at a private space as you can from hours of exposure to a public face.
You can live to be a hundred if you give up all the things that make you want to live to be a hundred.
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
You can make those promises with just as much passion the second time around. Such is the regenerative power of the human heart.
You cannot acquire experience by making experiments. You cannot create experience. You must undergo it.
You cannot be mad at somebody who makes you laugh - it's as simple as that.
You cannot depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
You cannot fly like an eagle with the wings of a wren.
You cannot run away from a weakness; you must sometimes fight it out or perish. And if that be so, why not now, and where you stand?
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
You can only cure retail but you can prevent wholesale.
You can only perceive real beauty in a person as they get older.
You can pray for someone even if you don't think God exists.
You can pretend to be serious; you can't pretend to be witty.
You can question somebody's views and their judgment without questioning their motives or patriotism.
You can see into the future if you have a basic understanding of how people are likely to act.
You can take all the sincerity in Hollywood, place it in the navel of a firefly and still have room enough for three caraway seeds and a producer's heart.
You can take from every experience what it has to offer you. And you cannot be defeated if you just keep taking one breath followed by another.
You can't be angry with God and not believe in him at the same time.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
You can't change what you've done, so you might as well just take pride in it.
You can't do anything about the length of your life, but you can do something about its width and depth.
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jellybeans.
You can't find any true closeness in Hollywood, because everybody does the fake closeness so well.
You can't have a light without a dark to stick it in.
You can't have everything. Where would you put it?
You can't help someone get up a hill without getting closer to the top yourself.
You can't jump down the stairs in one leap, however much you might wish to, and you even more surely can't jump up it, but one step and then the next and there you are, at the top or the bottom and not a bit out of breath or discomposed.
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.
You can't love anyone until you understand that you can't love everyone.
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
You can't think yourself out of a writing block, you have to write yourself out of a thinking block.
You can't turn back the clock. But you can wind it up again.
You clench your teeth. You look up. You tell yourself that if they see you cry, it will hurt them, and you will be nothing but A Sadness in their lives, and you must not become a mere sadness, so you will not cry, and you say all of this to yourself while looking up at the ceiling, and then you swallow even though your throat does not want to close and you look at the person who loves you and smile.
You couldn't be that good and not know it, somewhere in your secret heart, however much you'd been abused into affecting public humility.
You desire to know the art of living, my friend? It is contained in one phrase: make use of suffering.
You do not need to leave your room. Remain sitting at your table and listen. Do not even listen, simply wait, be quiet, still and solitary. The world will freely offer itself to you to be unmasked, it has no choice, it will roll in ecstasy at your feet.
You don't have to cook fancy or complicated masterpieces - just good food from fresh ingredients.
You don't have to suffer to be a poet; adolescence is enough suffering for anyone.
You don't need fancy highbrow traditions or money to really learn. You just need people with the desire to better themselves.
You don't pay back your parents. You can't. The debt you owe them gets collected by your children, who hand it down in turn. It's a sort of entailment. Or if you don't have children of the body, it's left as a debt to your common humanity. Or to your God, if you possess or are possessed by one.
You don't stop laughing because you grow old. You grow old because you stop laughing.
You do your best work if you do a job that makes you happy.
You Europeans know nothing about America. Because we amass large fortunes you think we care for nothing but money. We are nothing for it; the moment we have it we spend it, sometimes well, sometimes ill, but we spend it. Money is nothing to us; it's merely the symbol of success. We are the greatest idealists in the world; I happen to think that we've set our ideal on the wrong objects; I happen to think that the greatest ideal man can set before himself is self-perfection.
You find yourself refreshed by the presence of cheerful people. Why not make an honest effort to confer that pleasure on others? Half the battle is gained if you never allow yourself to say anything gloomy.
You get fifteen democrats in a room, and you get twenty opinions.
You gotta dream? You gotta protect it. People can't do somethin' themselves, they wanna tell you you can't do it. If you want somethin', go get it, period.
You have got to discover you, what you do, and trust it.
You have no control over what the other guy does. You only have control over what you do.
You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
You have to be careful who you let define your good.
You have to find a way of working that makes it dead easy to take full advantage of your inspired moments. They never hit at a convenient time, nor do they last long.
You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through.
You have to know how to accept rejection and reject acceptance.
You just have to start putting one foot in front of the other, making an effort to get healthy every day.
You know that children are growing up when they start asking questions that have answers.
You know what's interesting about Washington? It's the kind of place where second-guessing has become second nature.
You know, you can't please all the people all the time... and last night, all those people were at my show.
You know you're getting old when you stoop to tie your shoelaces and wonder what else you could do while you're down there.
You live and learn. At any rate, you live.
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you do not trust enough.
You may delay, but time will not.
You might as well fall flat on your face as lean over too far backward.
You must dare to disassociate yourself from those who would delay your journey... Leave, depart, if not physically, then mentally. Go your own way, quietly, undramatically, and venture toward trueness at last.
You must first have a lot of patience to learn to have patience.
You must keep sending work out; you must never let a manuscript do nothing but eat its head off in a drawer. You send that work out again and again, while you're working on another one. If you have talent, you will receive some measure of success - but only if you persist.
You must learn from the mistakes of others. You can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself.
You must pray that the way be long, full of adventures and experiences.
You never can see into someone else's marriage.
You never find yourself until you face the truth.
You never know till you try to reach them how accessible men are; but you must approach each man by the right door.
You never lose a dream. It just incubates as a hobby.
Young is the one that plunges in the future and never looks back.
Young people are in a condition like permanent intoxication, because youth is sweet and they are growing.
You pile up enough tomorrows and you'll be left with nothing but a bunch of empty yesterdays. I don't know about you, but I'd like to make today worth remembering.
You really haven't changed, you've just become more of yourself. That is really what were all trying to do: become more of ourselves.
You're never too old to become younger.
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it.
Your equipment DOES NOT affect the quality of your image. The less time and effort you spend worrying about your equipment the more time and effort you can spend creating great images. The right equipment just makes it easier, faster or more convenient for you to get the results you need.
You're supposed to trust friends. You have no reason to be his friend? That is part of the pleasure of friendship: trusting without absolute evidence and then being rewarded for that trust.
Your first appearance, he said to me, is the gauge by which you will be measured; try to manage that you may go beyond yourself in after times, but beware of ever doing less.
Your idea doesn't have to be big. It just has to be yours alone. The more the idea is yours alone, the more freedom you have to do something really amazing. The more amazing, the more people will click with your idea. The more people click with your idea, the more it will change the world.
Your life story would not make a good book. Don't even try.
Your primary goal should be to have a great life. You can still have a good day, enjoy your child, and ultimately find happiness, whether your ex is acting like a jerk or a responsible person. Your happiness is not dependent upon someone else.
Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma, which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Your whole life people tell you to do what you love. But if you gotta do something else to pay the bills, you don't automatically have to be miserable.
You see things; and you say, 'Why?' But I dream things that never were; and I say, "Why not?"
You should not live one way in private, another in public.
You sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
Youth isn't always all it's touted to be.
You threaten to punch someone in the face, what do they do? They duck. You try to punch 'em in the wallet and they always open up.
Youth would be an ideal state if it came a little later in life.
You try to give away what you want yourself.
You've achieved success in your field when you don't know whether what you're doing is work or play.
You've got to be original, because if you're like someone else, what do they need you for?
You've got to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather was.
You've got to find what you love and that is as true for work as it is for lovers. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking and don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you've found it.
You've got to take the bitter with the sour.
You wake me up early in the morning to tell me I am right? Please wait until I am wrong.
You will find that the mere resolve not to be useless, and the honest desire to help other people, will, in the quickest and delicatest ways, improve yourself.
You will find that the State is the kind of organization which, though it does big things badly, does small things badly, too.
You will need to find your passion. Don't give up on finding it because then all you're doing is waiting for the Reaper.
You will not find your passion in things and you will not find your passion in money. The more things and the more money you have, the more you will look around and use that as the metric and there will be someone with more.
Zoo: An excellent place to study the habits of human beings.
